{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\keepn\s2\sb240\sa60\b\i\f0\fs24 Name: \ul\tab ___Kehinde Adeniji_________\par
\pard\ulnone\b0\i0\f1\par
\pard\li360\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf1\b Section 1: True/False\b0\par
\i Indicate whether the sentence or statement is true or false.\i0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\li360\sa1\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-1440\li1440\tqr\tx720 False_____\tab 1.\tab WPF stand-alone applications do not have full trust from a security standpoint..\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\li360\sa1\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-1440\li1440\tqr\tx0\tqr\tx720 True_____\tab 2.\tab When you are going to create new object from a class, you could say that you are going to instantiate the object.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\li360\sa1\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-1440\li1440\tqr\tx0\tqr\tx720 True_____\tab 3.\tab The .NET object that is responsible for managing an application\rquote s use of memory is called the garbage collector.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\li360\sa1\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-1440\li1440\tqr\tx720 False_____\tab 4.\tab In a Queue class, you use the Dequeue method to add items to the queue and the Enqueue method to remove items.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\li360\sa1\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-1440\li1440\tqr\tx720 True_____\tab 5.\tab A collection may consist of a group of individual data items or a collection of objects.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\li360\sa1\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-1440\li1440\tqr\tx720 True_____\tab 6.\tab\cf0 Web forms can be displayed in web browsers, regardless of the platform.\cf1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\li360\sa1\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-1440\li1440\tqr\tx720 True_____\tab 7.\tab The System.Collections namespace provides classes for several different types of collections.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\li360\sa1\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-1440\li1440\tqr\tx720 True_____\tab 8.\tab With ASP.NET you can create object-oriented event-driven Web applications that can have multiple classes and use inheritance.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\li360\sa1\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-1440\li1440\tqr\tx720 True_____\tab 9.\tab The consumer application for a WCF can be Windows applications, Windows Phone applications or Web applications.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\li360\sa1\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-1440\li1440\tqr\tx720 True_____10.\tab The Hashtable class provides a dictionary-type collection.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\li360\b\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-1440\li1440\tqr\tx720\b0 True_____\tab 11.\tab On a Web page, the ViewState property of a DropDownList control maintains the contents of the list from one invocation to the next.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\li360\sa1\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\tqr\tx0 True_____\tab 12.\tab HTML web pages are stateless.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\li360\sa1\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-1440\li1440\tqr\tx720 True_____\tab 13.\tab Code that is written in a \ldblquote finally\rdblquote  block is guaranteed to run no matter what happens when your program runs.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\li360\sa1\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-1440\li1440\tqr\tx720 False_____\tab 14.\tab You can use the code, Server.Redirect, to navigate to a web page on another server.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\li360\sa1\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-1440\li1440\tqr\tx720 True_____\tab 15.\tab Examples from the collection class include, ArrayList, BitArray, Hashtable, Queue, SortedList, and Stack.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\li360\sa1\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-1440\li1440\tqr\tx0\tqr\tx720 True_____\tab 16.\tab Items in a collection may be referenced by their key, their value, or their index, depending on the type of collection.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\li360\sa1\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-1440\li1440\tqr\tx720 True_____\tab 17.\tab An exception is actually a message that is created when error occurs at runtime and is thrown back to the calling procedure.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\li360\sa1\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-1440\li1440\tqr\tx720 False_____\tab 18.\tab All collections share a Number property, which contains the number of elements in the list.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\li360\sa1\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-1440\li1440\tx720 True_____\tab 19.\tab If want to create a custom user control that is available to multiple Windows projects, create a new project based on the Windows Forms Control Library template.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\li360\sa1\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-1440\li1440\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1440 False_____\tab 20.\tab If you want to maintain state for a multipage Web application, you must use Session or Application variables.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\par
\b\par
\par
Section 2: Multiple Choices\par
\b0\par
1. The B_______ control can be used for every type of database connected to a Web project.\par
A)\tab XmlDataSource\par
B)\tab SqlDataSource\par
C)\tab VBDataSource\par
D)\tab AccessDataSource\par
\par
2. A_______ handle all of the database access for a Web page.\par
A)\tab Data source controls\par
B)\tab Data sets\par
C)\tab Data connections\par
D)\tab Data strings\par
\par
\par
3. With A_______, you can wait to specify what type of variable object you are going to use until you use it or until the class is instantiated.\par
\par
A) \tab Generics\par
B) \tab Genetics\par
C) \tab the Items Collection\par
D) \tab an array list\par
\par
\par
\page 4. Use LINQ to XML to retrieve data elements from a(n) XElement__________ or XDocument____________ object. B.\par
\par
A) \tab XElement, Document\par
B) \tab XElement, XDocument\par
C) \tab LINQ, XML\par
D) \tab Element, XDocument\par
\par
5. Code that should run when an event is raised for an object should be placed in a(n) C________.\par
\par
A)\tab object handler\par
B)\tab method\par
C)\tab event handler\par
D)\tab property\par
\par
\pard\cf0 6. For each event that could change the contents of a bound drop-down list on a Web page you should call the C_______ method of the list.\par
\pard\tx360 A)\tab\tab DataLoad\par
B)\tab\tab DataRefresh\par
C)\tab\tab DataBind\par
D)\tab\tab DataUpdate\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf1\par
\pard\cf0\par
7. Collections are declared A_______.\par
\par
A) \tab in the project's Declarations\par
B) \tab at the class level\par
C) \tab inside a procedure\par
D) \tab in a dat\par
\cf1\par
8. Designing, coding, and testing make up an application\rquote s D________ cycle.\par
\par
\cf0 A)\tab coding\par
B)\tab compiling\par
C)\tab definition\par
D) \tab development\par
\par
9. To make your Web database project portable, you must delete the absolute path to the database and substitute B_______.\par
\par
A)\tab DataDirectory surrounded by square brackets as in: [DataDirectory]\par
B)\tab DataDirectory surrounded by vertical bars as in: |DataDirectory|\par
C)\tab DataDirectory surrounded by curly brackets as in: \{DataDirectory\}\par
D) \tab DataDirectory surrounded by back slashes as in: \\DataDirectory\\\par
\par
\par
\page 10. In a Web database project, the A_______ contains the path to where the database is located.\par
\par
A)\tab Web.config file\par
B)\tab Resources folder\par
C)\tab App_Path folder\par
D) \tab project's solution file\par
\par
11. Which of the following is the most powerful type of controls provided by ASP.NET?D\par
\par
A)\tab HTML Controls\par
B)\tab XML Controls\par
C)\tab WebLink Controls\par
D) \tab Standard (ASP.NET Server controls)\par
\par
\par
12. You can add pagination to a GridView by B_______. \par
\par
A) \tab setting the Paging property of the grid to True\par
B)\tab selecting the smart tag check box for pagination\par
C) \tab setting the PageIndex property of the grid to True\par
D) \tab right-clicking on the grid and selecting Paging from the context menu\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf1\par
\par
13. The FormView and C_______ Web controls display one record at a time. \par
\par
A) \tab FormView\par
B) \tab GridView\par
C) \tab DetailsView\par
D) \tab DataSource\par
\par
14. SQL statements that select data from a database and return the selected data to your program are called A_______ queries.\par
\par
A) \tab parameterized\par
B) \tab selection\par
C) \tab action\par
D) \tab application\par
\par
\par
15. In order to trigger a postback to the server when the user makes a selection from a drop-down list, you must set the D_______ property of the control to true. \par
\par
A) \tab DataBindings\par
B) \tab BindData\par
C) \tab PostBack\par
D) \tab AutoPostBack\par
\par
\par
16. When a GridView is being configured, you can select A_______ and Enable Deleting on the smart tag. \par
\par
A) \tab Enable Editing\par
B) \tab Enable Inserting\par
C) \tab Enable Updating\par
D) \tab Enable Selection\par
\par
\par
17. To allow navigation in a GridView, you can select B_______ on the smart tag. \par
\par
A) \tab Enable Editing\par
B) \tab Enable Paging\par
C) \tab Enable Sorting\par
D) \tab Enable Selection\par
\par
\par
18. To maintain the state of a drop-down list, save the B_______ in a session variable. \par
\par
A) \tab Text property\par
B) \tab SelectedIndex property\par
C) \tab Items collection\par
D) \tab SelectedItem property\par
\par
\par
19. Which of the following is NOT a type of collection?C\par
\par
A) \tab queue\par
B) \tab dictionary\par
C) \tab key\par
D) \tab hash table\par
\par
\par
20. WCF services can communicate with D_______.\par
\par
A) \tab all programming languages\par
B) \tab XML\par
C) \tab only the languages included with Visual Studio .NET\par
D)\tab multiple platforms and multiple languages multiple\b Section 3: Questions and Answers (10 points)\b0\par
\b\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-360\li360\b0\f0 1.\tab\f1 Why did you have to name the controls (example: Label, TextBox, etc)?\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\li1080 Visual Studio will offer a default name, if none is specified.\par
To refer to these objects in code, please specify a name.\par
To avoid name conflict, for example, VB is case in-sensitive.\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\par
\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-360\li360\f0 2.\tab\f1 What is the difference between a DetailsView and a FormView control? \par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\tqr\tx360 The layout format for the DetailsView is from the top to the bottom, in column order. FormView is user specified. For example, if no rows are returned, and it is necessary to build an insert row in the footer object, use the FormView.\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\li360\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-360\li360\cf0\f0 3.\tab\f1 Explain what Language Integrated Queries (LINQ) is and what keywords are used with LINQ.\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\tx360 It is a query language that offers a programming language the flexibility normally seen in fifth generation database such as dBase, FoxPro, or RBase. It features very prominently in Entity Framework. The Linq keyword include from, orderby, select, groupby, and where.\par
\cf1\par
\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-360\li360\f0 4.\tab\f1 When a new project is added to a WCF Service solution, what is important to understand? A lot depends on the purpose of this new project, if it is a default application, you must notify the solution of this role. WCF Service Solution has projects with client and server roles.\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\tx360\par
\par
\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-360\li360\f0 5.\tab\f1 What is the lifetime of a variable? How long is the lifetime of a namespace-level, a module-level, and a procedure-level variable? \par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\tx360\par
As long as it is in use, or referenced. You cannot explicitly delete a variable, except it is used in the using clause. A namespace-level variable, like an enum is referenceable everywhere. Most variables are referenceable in their compactment, and are disposable implictly when they are no longer referenced or needed. A procedure-level variable is only available, within its procedure. A static variable is available, once the class is referenced; and an instance variable is available when it is instantiated.\par
\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-360\li360\f0 6.\tab\f1 Define the ADO.NET data components: TableAdapter and DataSet. \par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\tx360\par
The TableAdapter intermediates between the application and the database. A TableAdapter connects to the database, executes queries or stored procedures, and it populates the DataTable.\par
\par
The DataSet contains multiple tables and their relationships. It is database agnostic, and you query and update its data.\par
\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-360\li360\f0 7.\tab\f1 What is Windows Phone SDK use for?\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\tx360 For developing Windows Phone application using the .NET environment. It includes an emulator.\par
\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-360\li360\f0 8.\tab\f1 What is the latest Windows Phone operating system (OS)?  What are the differences between Windows Phones OS and other mobile/tablet phones OS?  \par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\tx360\par
Windows 7 is the latest release of Microsoft Windows, a series of operating systems. Windows 8 is scheduled for 2012. Windows Phone 7 "Start" screen offers "live tiles" that link to applications, and live information. iPhone does not have active home screen or widgets. Android offers widgets.\par
\par
Windows Phone 7 also groups various features of the OS into hubs (folders and screens). These hubs include Marketplace, Office, People, Xbox Live, and Zune.\par
\par
Windows Phone 7 does not have copy and paste functionality. iPhone and Android have both.\par
\par
Windows Phone 7 is not multi-tasking.\par
\par
Windows Phone 7 does not support Adobe Flash, Silverlight, or HTML5.\par
\par
Other feature omissions from Windows Phone 7 include:\par
\par
    No unified inbox\par
    No threaded e-mail\par
    No visual voicemail\par
    No video calling\par
    No universal search\par
    No Internet tethering\par
    Limited removable storage support\par
    No Twitter integration\par
    Alphabetical-only app list organization\par
\par
http://www.pcworld.com/article/208491/mobile_os_smackdown_windows_phone_7_vs_ios_vs_android.html\par
\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-360\li360\f0 9.\tab\f1 What is Silver Light Toolkit used for?\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\tx360\par
Some controls that ship with Silverlight are available under the Microsoft Public License as a part of a separate project known as the Silverlight Toolkit.\par
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Silverlight\par
\par
\pard\keep\hyphpar0\fi-360\li360\f0 10.\tab\f1 Compare Windows App store, Android Market, and Apple store.\par
\pard\cf0\fs20\par
\pard\f2 Android Market has overtaken Apple store, at least on free applications. Windows App store will rekindle the competition in 2012 with the release of Windows Phone 8.\par
http://www.listofandroidphones.org/google-android-market-vs-apple-itunes-app-store/\par
 \par
}
 