{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}{\s4 heading 4;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2500;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b\f0\fs20 Experience Summary:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
Data Architect\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\qj\tx720\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Work with project teams to construct, maintain and document data models using \b Erwin\b0  data modeler.\par
\f1\fs16\'b7\tab\f0\fs20 Analyze the data to find data inconsistencies and anomalies.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\qj\f1\fs16\'b7\tab\f0\fs20 Design \b logical and physical\b0  data model for the OLTP Database\par
\f1\fs16\'b7\tab\f0\fs20 Design logical and physical data model for the Reporting data warehouse\par
\f1\fs16\'b7\tab\f0\fs20 Develop and maintain Erwin templates following data modeling standards.\par
\f1\fs16\'b7\tab\f0\fs20 Reverse engineered legacy databases into 3NF models as appropriate.\par
\f1\fs16\'b7\tab\f0\fs20 Design business flow diagrams and use cases.\par
\f1\fs16\'b7\tab\f0\fs20 Logical data modeling tasks include determining data flow logical entities, data associations and key attributes; Physical data modeling involves defining the overall topology of the physical database, physical storage and partitioning allocations.\par
\f1\fs16\'b7\tab\f0\fs20 Ensure that data requirements of the application are effectively addressed.\par
\f1\fs16\'b7\tab\f0\fs20 Evolve models to meet new and changing requirements.\par
\f1\fs16\'b7\tab\f0\fs20 Establish standards, controls and procedures to ensure data integrity and security.\par
\f1\fs16\'b7\tab\f0\fs20 Design and Generate DDL for tables.\par
\f1\fs16\'b7\tab\f0\fs20 Create Triggers, Indexes for better query performance, Sequences, Views, Synonyms and Data Files.\par
\f1\fs16\'b7\tab\f0\fs20 Develop Sub queries, used group functions, Joins, Constraints etc.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Identify and document complex functional workflows with use cases, UI mockups (wire frames).\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Perform \b Database Sizing \b0 for defining Hardware requirement.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\qj\tx720\f1\fs16\'b7\tab\f0\fs20 Created a corporate Metadata Repository.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Play major role in defining Architecture\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b Environment: \b0 Erwin, SQL Server 2005,Visual Studio .net, Biz Talk Server 2004, , Windows 2000\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\s4\ul\b\par
\ulnone Data Architect\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\qj\tx720\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Gathered the requirements from the client and translated the business details into Technical design. \par
\pard\fi-360\li720\qj\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Involved in \b logical\b0  design, \b data modeling\b0  and normalization.\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Created tables, views, Filegroups and schemas.\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Worked extensively on SQL, Sub-queries, Joins, Index, Constraints and Sequences.\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Created database triggers for data security.\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Developed PL/SQL Stored Procedures and Functions for data manipulation, computation and validation. Appropriately handled exceptions. Used cursors to fetch rows \par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Developed PL/SQL Stored procedures and functions. \par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Optimized SQL queries for better performance.\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Used the functional document to design application logical and the physical design\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Performed Logical/Physical Database Design using \b ERWIN 4.1\b0 .\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Did \b Database Sizing \b0 for defining Hardware requirement.\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Designed XML Schemas for all Skip pattern engine.\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Used Web Services  for each module in this project \par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Designed web service fa\'e7ade to provide SOAP interface from middle tier to web service clients.\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Developed C# code for most of business layer that constitutes project framework.\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Designed, Implemented \b Merge Replication\b0 , defined \b Data migration\b0  strategy.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\qj\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Created a corporate Metadata Repository.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Migrated Data from their old system (CIS) to SQL Server.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Coordinated with Offshore team\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b Environment: \b0 C#, TSQL, Visio, Erwin, MS Project 2000, SQL Server 2000, Windows 2000, MS XML Parser, SOAP\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\b\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\b0\f2\fs24 Here is Amex's position. We will need to add in ErWin, Logical Data Modeling and XML to each position. Let me know if you have any questions. \line\line Client: American Express, Phoenix AZ \line Length: 1 year \line Position: Data Architects \line\line Here is the traditional job description: \line Responsible for driving the data (information) architecture for tactical and strategic system development projects with extensive experience in developing LOGICAL data models, providing data analysis of business requirements, data mapping, developing and reviewing XML related deliverables (messaging, canonical data tags, developing DTDs and Schema's, etc.) Able to lead data architecture discussions in project meetings, establish strong communicative relationships with project partners (BSAs, PMs, DBAs, etc.). Must have solid expertise in creating detailed Logical data models (entities, attributes, keys, relationships, etc.) \line\line Here is the job description that focusing on the XML \line * Data Modeling (conceptual, logical, physical) \line * Database exposure (preferably DB2, Oracle, SQL Server) \line * Some minimum exposure to XML (knows the difference between a hierarchical XML document instance, a DTD, a schema and can recognize each if presented with an example) \line * Foundation with metadata (understands the concepts of a data item and its characteristics - type, length, modality, facets, understands the notion of structure - collections of data items, understands the notion of complex structure as a context - collections of structures, relationships of structures, and additional elements) \line * Understands Physical Data Architectures (understands the differences between a relational structure, a hierarchical structure, and a component assembly structure) \line * Understands concepts of extensibility (e.g. start with a well-defined structure, but allow for augmentation without any impact to the original structure or its users) \line * Knows of (at least by name and basic idea) the most common Web services standards: WSDL, XML Schemas, XML, UDDI, SOAP \line * Understands the importance of standards (data, taxonomy, structural, reference) \line * Understands fundamental concepts of reuse (engineering, discovery, harvesting) \line * Extended and Specialized Requirements \line\line All of the above, plus... \line * Sound foundational knowledge of all things SOA - Web Services, WSDL, XML Schemas, XML, UDDI, SOAP, Namespaces (has looked at standards, knows some of the language syntax) \line * Hands on experience with construction of a WSDL. Understands the 6 fundamental elements of a WSDL (definitions, types, message, portType, binding, service) \line * Hands on experience with design, modularity, reuse, and construction of XML Schemas (deep knowledge here is better - xs:import, xs:include, compositors, xs:any, substitutionGroups, global vs. local, namespaces, QName, nmtoken, NCName) \line * Understands the difference between a service registry and an artifact repository (preferably has worked with or is familiar with a UDDI registry - Systinet, Infravio, HP, IBM, Microsoft, SOA, etc.). \line * Has basic knowledge of the SOAP envelope (header, body) \line\line Laura Troy \line Senior Recruiter, Technology \line Professional Services \line Spherion \line Making the workplace work better \line 4343 N. Scottsdale Rd. Suite 365 \line Scottsdale, AZ 85251 \line ': (480) 776-3308*: (602) 820-7763 \line Fax (480) 776-3301 \line{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "/cgi-bin/compose?curmbox=00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000001&a=1ad0789ee2741ef3f57f1be6f71d4ec62fd7bc637cfceed8c38386e9b5dc2437&mailto=1&to=LauraTroy@Spherion.com&msg=D3A52123-304A-47CF-BBCD-162CB061442C&start=0&len=6641&src=&type=x"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul LauraTroy@Spherion.com}}}\cf0\ulnone\f2\fs24  \line{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:ol('http://www.spherion.com/technology');"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul http://www.spherion.com/technology}}}\cf0\ulnone\f2\fs24  \line{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:ol('http://www.spherion.com/careers/career_center_home.jsp');"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul http://www.spherion.com/careers/career_center_home.jsp}}}\cf0\b\f0\fs20\par
}
 