The
[2022-06-12TNebuchadnezzarDreamImageDaniel2v32-33.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/CascadingStyleSheet/Alexis%20Goldstein/AlexisGo.github.com/LearningCSSAnimations/2022-06-12TNebuchadnezzarDreamImageDaniel2v32-33.html){datetime="2022-06-12T00:00:00"}
will display the image dream of the king of Babylon, Nebuchadnezzar
(Daniel 2:32-33).

The
[ABriefOfOurselfIsNeverEnoughOfOurEntireSelf.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/ABriefOfOurselfIsNeverEnoughOfOurEntireSelf.html)
will format and style a text in capital, Camel and Pascal notations.

The
[AccordingToManyIHaveSpoken.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/AccordingToManyIHaveSpoken.html)
will relate verses.

[Accounting](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Accounting)
[Income Statement, also known as the, Profit and Loss
Statement](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Accounting/IncomeStatement_ProfitAndLoss.html)

The
[ActToGod.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ActToGod.html)
is a major and minor categorization of the Bible.

[ADayToSubmitATimeToLookElsewhere.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/ADayToSubmitATimeToLookElsewhere.html)
language and keyword.

The
[AddressingThePart.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/AddressingThePart.html){datetime="2018-03-02T00:00:00"}
is a canvas drawing of king Nebuchadnezzar\'s image dream and prophet
Daniel\'s interpretation ( [Daniel
2:32-33](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ScriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=Daniel%202:32-33)
).

The
[AdewoleOmotoshoEbenezerAdeniji.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/AdewoleOmotoshoEbenezerAdeniji.html)
paternal grand father\'s family tree.

The
[AFitInTime.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Dated/AFitInTime.html)
ratio of difference between three dates.

[AgedDate.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/AgedDate.html)
will return ages at a set query.

The
[AHistoryOfOurPassageATasteAtUs.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/AHistoryOfOurPassageATasteAtUs.html)
is for viewing and editing expeditions in the Bible. It offers
navigation, such as, first, previous, next, and last; as well as,
append, delete, and insert.

The
[AHomeIClaim.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/AHomeIClaim.html?firstScriptureReferenceVerse=Genesis%204:9&secondScriptureReferenceVerse=Revelation%2013:18)
will accept a first and second scripture reference verse, and compute
the difference.

The
[AishaqAndTraining.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/AishaqAndTraining.html)
AlphabetSequence languages.

The
[AlaSQL.js\_-\_BibleBookTable.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/AlaSQL.js/AlaSQL.js_-_BibleBookTable.html)
is for Javascript SQL table query.

The
[AlaSQL.js\_-\_BibleBookArrayOfObjects.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/AlaSQL.js/AlaSQL.js_-_BibleBookArrayOfObjects.html)
is for Javascript array of object query.

The
[AlaSQL.js\_-\_OnlyRefuseSubstainTheLine.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/AlaSQL.js/AlaSQL.js_-_OnlyRefuseSubstainTheLine.html)
is for client-side SQL, for scripture reference retrieval.

[AllenGTaylor\_-\_SQLAll-In-OneForDummies\_-\_WhatWillIForm.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/DatabaseUtility/AllenGTaylor_-_SQLAll-In-OneForDummies_-_WhatWillIForm.html)
Master-details of tables and columns.

The
[AlphabetSequenceGroup.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/AlphabetSequenceGroup.html)
is for AlphabetSequence, and specifying the Bible sections.

The
[AlwaysCountForYou.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/AlwaysCountForYou.html)
will query the HisWord table based on the datepart, for example, year,
quarter, month, and day.

The
[AmericaWorkingFour.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/AmericaWorkingFour.html)
is for data definition language (DDL).

The
[AnAccurateMeasureOfThePresentIsHowFarIAdvanceIt.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/AnAccurateMeasureOfThePresentIsHowFarIAdvanceIt.html)
is for reverse-engineering the items in the HisWord table. When you
enter a number, it will list the words that have this
AlphabetSequenceIndex.

The
[AndHeFeelsItIsGood.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/AndHeFeelsItIsGood.html)
is for contact statistics in the HisWord table.

The
[AndThenAtElevenOClockWeAreGoingToGiveYouPreparingOnPollution_ArmorProgrammingBeganInFranceFifteenYearsAgo.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Dated/AndThenAtElevenOClockWeAreGoingToGiveYouPreparingOnPollution_ArmorProgrammingBeganInFranceFifteenYearsAgo.html)
Will determine the date between from and to, for a time of the day.

The
[AndThePriestSaidAreOneOnlyForMe.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/AndThePriestSaidAreOneOnlyForMe.html)
Titles of God, Gematria, Mispar Hechrachi method.

[AlfredAdeniji.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/AlfredAdeniji.html){datetime="2024-02-26 21:33:10.970"}
Where the scene is specified in consecutive entries?

The
[APerhapsCompare.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/APerhapsCompare.html)
will search a scripture reference for a Bible word, and report on the
frequency, and first and last occurrences.

The
[APrecedenceOfMenIsTheFollowing.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/APrecedenceOfMenIsTheFollowing.html)
first occurrence.

The
[AppreciateTheRest.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/AppreciateTheRest.html)
will list the days, and their corresponding frequency of occurrence(s)
in the Bible.

The
[Approach.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/Approach.html)
builds on
[Exact.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/Exact.html),
the enhancement is that if offers a scription reference restriction, and
it is the first implementation of [Language Integrated
Query](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Language_Integrated_Query) (Linq).

The
[AProvenOfMan.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/AProvenOfMan.html?dated=2017-01-12)
will list the entries in the HisWord table for a particular day.

The
[AProveOfWhereIAmExisting.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/AProveOfWhereIAmExisting.html)
is for AlphabetSequence from various data sources.

The
[AQuestOnYourBehalf.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/AQuestOnYourBehalf.html)
will list the various punctuation symbols, and their associated
frequency of occurrence(s) in the Bible.

The
[AreYouASpiritualSon.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/AreYouASpiritualSon.html)
is almost a replica of
[Exact.aspx](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/Exact.aspx);
the only difference is that the query requests a character substring
map; but the schema and its display are exactly the same.

The
[ArrangingAtPresent.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/AlaSQL.js/ArrangingAtPresent.html)
will compare the timing of Date of Birth (DOB), and Date of Death (DOD).

The
[AsIMadeMan.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/AsIMadeMan.html)
will list the specified Bible calendar.

The
[AssociatingAsALife.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/AssociatingAsALife.html)
will find word occurrences at a url.

The [As so the Scripture
says.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/AsSoTheScriptureSays.html)
will tabulate the various books that make-up the Bible; it sources its
information set from
[BibleBook.xml](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BibleBook.xml),
and it uses
[XMLHttpRequest](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XMLHttpRequest).

The
[AssociativeWords.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/AssociativeWords.html?bibleWord=tree)
is word associative, finding the next or previous word. This is an
example, and it is hoped that it will lead to greater exploration, of
how words are relevant to one another; what provokes or precedes one
word.

The
[AsStepsLearnFromGod.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/AsStepsLearnFromGod.html)
is the Biblical family tree.

The
[AsWeSaidOmoSchoolYinNaTryOhunNaMakeEffort.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/AsWeSaidOmoSchoolYinNaTryOhunNaMakeEffort.html)
displays family relationships - father, mother, and siblings.

The
[ATrialOfOurEnd.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ATrialOfOurEnd.html)
uses Ivan Bozhanov\'s [jstree](http://www.github.com/vakata/jstree) to
display the Bible; in a tree format.

The
[ATrackOfMyHistoryIsItTheSameAsIAmAliveInYou.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ATrackOfMyHistoryIsItTheSameAsIAmAliveInYou.html)
will accept user input in textarea; and provide output chronologically.

The
[ATypeOfAccountancyOfMyAge.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Dated/ATypeOfAccountancyOfMyAge.html)
will parse a URI, and determine the datetimes.

The
[Babylon.js.Shape.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/Babylon.js.Shape.html)
will draw the various items in the Bible.

The
[BecauseWeAreHellThisIsOurDefinition.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Dated/BecauseWeAreHellThisIsOurDefinition.html?dated=2017-03-01)
given a date, weekday, and day of the month; find the previous and next
date; for example, Friday the 13th.

The
[BeginAtLeastAndYouFindTheSufficiencyOfGod.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/BeginAtLeastAndYouFindTheSufficiencyOfGod.html)
converts the time to the date span, from until.

The
[BibleBookDetails.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BibleBookDetails.html)
allows the user to enter a book ID, and it will return the book details.

The
[BibleBookGroup.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BibleBookGroup.html)
groups Bible books, and calculates the count of the chapters and verses.

The
[BibleBookIDTitleChapterVerse.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/BibleBookIDTitleChapterVerse.html)
will list the books, chapters, verses, and sum.

The
[BibleBookLinq.js.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BibleBookLinq.js.html)
uses [Linq.js](http://linqjs.codeplex.com) to group Bible books titles.

The
[BibleBookQuery.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BibleBookQuery.html)
queries the Bible database, using the book ID, title, and Testament as
criteria.

The
[BibleCommentary.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BibleCommentary.html)
retrieves information from the various commentaries. The source of our
information, include [John Wesley\'s Bible Notes - Commentary of the
Bible](http://bibledatabase.org/wesley.html), [Matthew Henry
Commentary](http://bibledatabase.org/mh.html), and [People\'s New
Testament](http://bibledatabase.org/pnt.html).

The
[BibleWithoutHands.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/BibleWithoutHands.html)
queries the what, when, where, who?

The command below, is for
[bulkcopy](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bulk_Copy_Program)\
BCP BibleDictionary..BibleDatabaseJohnWesleyBibleNotes in
2015-11-07T1429BibleDatabaseJohnWesleyBibleNotes.txt -T -c -m 1000

The
[BibleBooksReduceFilter.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/BibleBooksReduceFilter.html)
counts the chapters and verses in the Bible Books, using the Javascript,
client-side, reduce and filter commands.

The
[BibleDictionary.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BibleDictionary.html)
retrieves information from the various dictionaries.

The
[BibleBookIDTitleChapterVerse.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/BibleBookIDTitleChapterVerse.html)
will list the Bible books, and the count of chapters and verses, as well
as provide a sum at the end.

The
[BibleInputRange.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BibleInputRange.html)
gauges a place in the Bible.

The
[BibleJSON.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BibleJSON.html)
is for querying the Bible in JSON format using XPath.

[BiblePercentage.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BiblePercentage.html)

[BibleSection.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BibleSection.html?alphabetSequenceIndex=168&bibleSection=Poetry)

The
[BibleStatistics.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BibleStatistics.html)
uses [SQL](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL) (Structured Query Language)
to present [statistics](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Statistics) of the
Bible.

  ----------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  The longest book in the Bible       [Psalms](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ScriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=Psalms)
  The longest chapter in the Bible    [Psalms 119](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ScriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=Psalms%20119)
  The longest verse in the Bible      [Esther 8:9](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ScriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=Esther%208:9)
  The shortest book in the Bible      [2 John](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ScriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=2%20John)
  The shortest chapter in the Bible   [Psalms 117](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ScriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=Psalms%20117)
  The shortest verse in the Bible     [John 11:35](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ScriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=John%2011:35)
  Duplicate Verses - Count: 120       [LetMeBeTheWay.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/LetMeBeTheWay.html)
  Duplicate Verses - Sum: 389         [LetMeBeTheWay.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/LetMeBeTheWay.html)
  ----------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The
[BibleStatisticsActivity.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BibleStatisticsActivity.html)
informs on activities in the Bible.

The
[BibleStatisticsExact.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BibleStatisticsExact.html)
informs on figures in the Bible..Exact table.

  Question                                        Answer
  ----------------------------------------------- ------------
  First word in dictionary ascending sort order   A
  First word in record order                      In
  Last word in dictionary ascending sort order    Zuzims
  Last word in record order                       Proceeding
  Least occurring word                            Abaddon
  Most occurring word                             The
  Unique words count                              12891

  : Bible Statistics Exact

The
[BibleStatisticsOpposite.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BibleStatisticsOpposite.html)
informs on opposites in the Bible.

The
[BibleStatisticsPunctuationMarks.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BibleStatisticsPunctuationMarks.html)
says the first and last question marks, colons, and aprostophes that
appear in the Bible.

  Punctuation Mark   First &amp; Last Occurrence                                                                                                                                                    Verse(s) Count
  ------------------ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------
  \'                 [Genesis 3:20, Revelation 21:27](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ScriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=Genesis%203:20,%20Revelation%2021:27)   1791
  :                  [Genesis 1:3, Revelation 22:18](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ScriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=Genesis%201:3,%20Revelation%2022:18)     11444
  ?                  [Genesis 3:1, Revelation 17:7](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ScriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=Genesis%203:1,%20Revelation%2017:7)       2539

The
[BibleStatisticsReviewingOfAll.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BibleStatisticsReviewingOfAll.html)
says the roles that are in the Bible.

The
[BibleStatisticsToEverySuccessionThatIsMyRatio.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BibleStatisticsToEverySuccessionThatIsMyRatio.html)
says the ratios that occur in the Bible.

The
[BiblicalDaysCalculation.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BiblicalDaysCalculation.html)
calculates the sum of Biblical years, Biblical months, and days.

The
[BiblicalNumbers.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BiblicalNumbers.html)
retrieves a sample of the various numbers in the Bible, and compute
statistics.

The
[BibleBookInfo.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/SQLServer/RLanguage/BibleBookInfo.html)
is the first implementation of the R Language in SQL Server.

The
[BibleWord.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BibleWord.html)
is for finding the instances of words in the Bible. The types of search
conditions supported are \"or\", \"and\", or \"phrase\". The search
manifestation may be for whole word or partial. The search may also be
restricted to either the Old or New Testament, or a group of books.

The
[BigInteger.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/BigInteger.html)
will work with the BigInteger.

The
[BillGates\_-\_MelindaFrench_Personal.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/BillGates_-_MelindaFrench_Personal.html)
will restrict the dataset between a range.

The
[BillInDate.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BillInDate.html)
will display Unified Modeling Language (UML) information for particular
parts of the Bible, given the scripture reference.

The
[BobJossData-Attribute.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/BobJossData-Attribute.html)
will accept a URI and list its data attributes.

The
[BodyParts.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BodyParts.html)
will do statistics on body parts.

The
[BookAuthor.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/BookAuthor.html)
will list the authors of the Bible books.

The
[BringWaterDown.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/BringWaterDown.html)
will list the Bible verses according to the chapter or verse, top or
bottom conditions.

The
[BuildingAHouseThatEnlarges.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BuildingAHouseThatEnlarges.html)
will display rectangles that increases in size using canvas.

The
[CanYouMakeMyLifeAsACertaincyOfYou.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/CanYouMakeMyLifeAsACertaincyOfYou.html)
will suggest Bible verses; it reads Word.csv.

The
[Carlos.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/Carlos.html)
is an experiment with the
[Soundex](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soundex) implementation of
[Microsoft SQL
Server](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_SQL_Server).

Both census of [Numbers 1,
26](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ScriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=Numbers%201,%2026)
are tallied. The
[Census.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/Census.html)
is a prove-of-concept of the [Over
clause](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms189461.aspx)
implementation of [Microsoft SQL
Server](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_SQL_Server).
[jstat](http://www.jstat.org) offers analysis of each census, and the
combined total. The [Chart](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chart) is from
[ChartJS](http://www.ChartJS.org).

[CensusPopulationPivot.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/CensusPopulationPivot.html)
the sum of each tribe, for census 1 and 2.

[CensusRollupCubeManOWar.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/CensusRollupCubeManOWar.html)
This is bringing the world of [Online Analytical Processing
(OLAP)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Online_analytical_processing) to
our research. Bible is a static database; and new records are added to
WordEngineering, daily. The census offers the opportunity to compare the
count at both times when the men of war were counted, we are interested
in seeing growth or dip, and determining the total number of warriors.
This is similar to the seal at Revelation, but the count, seal, is
always 12,000 for each tribe, and total sealed is 144,000 ([Revelation
7:1-8](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ScriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=Revelation%207:1-8)).
Also the total is not tallied, previously ([Numbers 1,
26](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ScriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=Numbers%201,%2026)).
Fully ahead, is the substancy, of the view.

The
[CensusRunningAggregation.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/CensusRunningAggregation.html)
is for row-level aggregation.

The
[ChangesOfMileInTheMiddleEast.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/ChangesOfMileInTheMiddleEast.html)
evaluate expression, for example, first and second census.

The
[ChooseYourProphecyAndItIsYourDecision.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/JavaScript/Algorithm/ChooseYourProphecyAndItIsYourDecision.html)
will allow the user to enter a date, specify either the Biblical or
Gregorian calendar, and state date parts.

The
[ChoosingALifeAfterIsSeemingAPeriodHome.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ChoosingALifeAfterIsSeemingAPeriodHome.html)
is for searching based on scripture reference.

The
[ChurchCalendar.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Dated/ChurchCalendar.html)
commences from Advent Sunday, and it includes Christmas, Epiphany, Ash
Wednesday, Lent, Easter Sunday; and it concludes at Pentecost. Pastor
[Lucy Kolin](mailto:lucyk@pacbell.net) of the [Resurrection Lutheran
Church](http://www.resurrectionlutheran-oakland.org), lectured on the
church calendar at a meeting held on 2003-12-10. The reason for
identifying the source is to offer acknowledgement, and understate that
there may be discrepancies with other church denominations.

The
[ClaireBentley.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/ClaireBentley.html)
contact initials, for example, BC.

[ColumnSet.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/ColumnSet/ColumnSet.html)
An insert statement, restrict the input to just these columns; in
manipulation statements, only these columns, are affected; for example
update and delete, will only alter, affect these columns. When SQL
Server generates schema scripts, it also generates computed columns
values; these entries are not insert-able.

[ContainShip.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/ContainShip.html)
Roles and time in office.

The
[CouldYouStoreAndRunCodeFromTheDatabase.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/CouldYouStoreAndRunCodeFromTheDatabase.html)
sets the srcdoc of the IFrame.

The
[Countrycode.org.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/Countrycode.org.html)
sources its information from country.org.

The
[CrossEuropeUnfinish.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/CrossEuropeUnfinish.html)
draws on a canvas.

The
[Daniel70Weeks\_-\_html5-microdata.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/Daniel70Weeks_-_html5-microdata.html)
will offer information on prophet Daniel\'s 70 weeks prophecy, and its
fulfillment, according to "[The Coming
Prince]{cite="#bibliographySirRobertAndersonTheComingPrince"}"

The
[DataManipulationLanguageDML-DocumentObjectModelDOM.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/DataManipulationLanguageDML-DocumentObjectModelDOM.html)
is for the data manipulation language (DML).

The
[DateAdd.aspx](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Dated/DateAdd.aspx)
adds days to a specified date; when the days to add, is a positive
value, then it is a forward date.

The
[DateAdd.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Dated/DateAdd.html)
increments or decrements days by a given value. It differs from
[DateAdd.aspx](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Dated/DateAdd.aspx),
in that it accepts Biblical metrics, like Biblical months and years.

The
[DateCompute.aspx](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Dated/DateCompute.aspx)
calculates the date adjusted by the year, month, week, and days.

The
[DateDifference.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Dated/DateDifference.html)
calculates the span between the start and end dates.

The
[Dater.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Dated/Dater.html)
calculates the date of birth and death in the Bible.

The
[DateReverse.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Dated/DateReverse.html)
is for the difference between the month and day, interchange.

The
[DateRatio.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Dated/DateRatio.html)
calculates the date span between the start and end dates, with a ratio.

The
[DatesComputation.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Dated/DatesComputation.html)
will add date units.

The
[DecemberTenThirtyOne.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/DecemberTenThirtyOne.html?dated=2031-12-10)
will accept a date, and it will determine a corresponding scripture
reference.

The
[DeEd.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/DeEd.html)
calculates the scripture reference for a percentage.

[Design
Patterns](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/JavaScript/AddyOsmani.com/DesignPatterns/Learning%20JavaScript%20Design%20Patterns).

The
[DidTheDutchWon.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/DidTheDutchWon.html?scriptureReferenceFirst=Matthew%201:1-17&scriptureReferenceSecond=Luke%203:23-34)
will compare two scripture references and it will display the words that
differ.

The
[DifferencingFromMyNeed.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/DifferencingFromMyNeed.html)
is for [permutation](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Permutation), using
[word
combination](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2401532/generate-word-combination-array-in-c-sharp)
coding provided by [Eric Lippert](ericlippert.com), a [Microsoft
veteran](http://stackoverflow.com/users/88656/eric-lippert).

The
[DirectoryListing.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/DirectoryListing.html?fileExtension=*.html,*.aspx)
is for listing files that are in a specified directory.

The
[DiscoverPowerShell.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/DiscoverPowerShell.html)
will explain the beginning chapters of the Bible using PowerShell.

The
[DontFeelLeftAlone.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/DontFeelLeftAlone.html)
will query the database to find the date differences for contacts.

The
[DoWeChooseToBeKnownAsWho.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/DoWeChooseToBeKnownAsWho.html)
will use a similar search like Exact to find consecutive Bible verse
words.

[DoYouShelterFromAbove.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/DoYouShelterFromAbove.html)
is for word count.

The
[DueToDepart.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/DueToDepart.html)
is for displaying the tables contents, in various formats; it prevents
against SQL injection.

The
[EqualAsPeople.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/EqualAsPeople.html)
is for displaying the father of a set of people.

[EqualSide.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/EqualSide.html?minimum=38&maximum=40)
The numbers, and there occurrences in the Bible. The information is
stored in the NumberSign table.

The
[EsvApi.org.aspx](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/EsvApi.org.aspx)
is a web service requestor that extracts information from the
[ESV](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ESV_Study_Bible) (English Standard
Version) Bible, and makes it available in a stylistic fashion.

The
[EveningMorning.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/EveningMorning.html)
will list the scripture reference and verse text for the words in the
order of occurrences.

The
[Eventuate.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/Eventuate.html)
will list the count of occurrences of ContactIDs in our primary tables.

The
[EverSinceLifeKnowsYouIPretendToBeTheSame.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/EverSinceLifeKnowsYouIPretendToBeTheSame.html)
lists the census, and there running total. The people were tasked, there
was no mention of ammunition? The benefit of tasking God; is seeing Him
alive, in you.

The
[EveryMajorWriterIsATalker.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/EveryMajorWriterIsATalker.html)
finds the longest word(s) in particular verse(s).

The
[ExplainPaulsGospel.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ExplainPaulsGospel.html)
obtains scriptural text of Bible citations, just as
[ScriptureReference.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ScriptureReference.html).
It extends, this further, by listing, the headings associated with the
text. These headings and their corresponding citations are exhibited by
[ExplainSacredText.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ExplainSacredText.html).

The
[ExistsIn.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/ExistsIn.html).

The
[ExternalReferenceForAURIParsingTheDOM.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ExternalReferenceForAURIParsingTheDOM.html)
external reference for a URI, parsing the DOM.

The
[FatherSide.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/FatherSide.html)
will find the count of words and letters on either sides of the word.

The
[FillTheDayWithWhatIsNew.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/FillTheDayWithWhatIsNew.html)
will retrieve the text in a node.

The
[FindTheWordThatMakesThePercentageOfTheWord.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/FindTheWordThatMakesThePercentageOfTheWord.html)
finds the partial words that make-up a certain percentage of the whole
words.

The
[FirstAtLast.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/FirstAtLast.html?scriptureReference=Genesis%2022)
finds the first and last words in verses.

The
[FittableDeliverable.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/FittableDeliverable.html)
queries the Remember table using soundex.

The
[FiveOne.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/FiveOne.html)
will find word arrangements using CHARINDEX a keyword like indexof.

The
[FivePointFourEightOnePointFourEight.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/FivePointFourEightOnePointFourEight.html)
will associate the words in the Bible by using soundex.

The
[FromFiveToSixAMonthAgo.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/FromFiveToSixAMonthAgo.html)
checks the Roman representation of letters.

The
[Full-TextSearch.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/Full-TextSearch.html?searchCondition=Free-TextTable&selectionCriteria=(man%20NEAR%20God)%20OR%20(woman%20NEAR%20God))
uses Full-Text search to query the Bible.

The
[Full-TextSearchHisWord.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/Full-TextSearchHisWord.html?searchCondition=Free-TextTable&selectionCriteria=Omi%20ke.)
uses Full-Text search to query the HisWord table.

[fullcalendar.io.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Dated/fullcalendar.io.html){datetime="2023-12-11T13:47:37"
commentary="2023-12-19T06:19:00 Display using fullcalendar."}

The
[FullPosition.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/FullPosition.html?scriptureReference=Numbers%202)
determines the next and previous scripture reference.

The
[Gatherance.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Gatherance/Gatherance.html)
will query documents by using filters.

The
[GetAPage.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/GetAPage.html)
is a conglomerate of information, such as the AlphabetSequence,
SacredText, and BibleWord. Showing example.

The
[GenealogyGeneration.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/GenealogyGeneration.html)
of Adam.

The
[GermanIsDetermineToAriseToTheGristlyFifteenYearsAgo.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/GermanIsDetermineToAriseToTheGristlyFifteenYearsAgo.html)
scripture reference and a percentage.

The
[GetSchema.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/SQLExamples/GetSchema.html)
database schema.

The
[GoAndUseTheMacYouNeedToRecognizeThat.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/GoAndUseTheMacYouNeedToRecognizeThat.html)
will determine the ratios of the times.

The
[GregHoffman\_-\_Nike\_-\_ToAcceptWhenThereAreNoOther.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/GregHoffman_-_Nike_-_ToAcceptWhenThereAreNoOther.html)
will list counts of Bible words, including actors and places.

The
[GroupOfPeople.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/GroupOfPeople.html)
will list a group of people and their request(s).

The
[HadBeenWrittenToTheChurches.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/HadBeenWrittenToTheChurches.html)
will list non-unique verses.

The
[HalfIncluded.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/HalfIncluded.html?right=Half)
will use wildcard; front of word, left; search back, right.

The
[HeActedHisWillOut.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/HeActedHisWillOut.html)
will find the statistics of the words in a scripture reference.

The
[HeFinallyShowedItToMe.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/HeFinallyShowedItToMe.html)
uses the [HTML Agility Pack](http://html-agility-pack.net) to query
documents.

The
[HeIsHalfGone.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/HeIsHalfGone.html)
will generate header source codes, templates, skeletons, in programming
languages.\
\
The source of the reasoning below is [A Practical Introduction to Data
Structures and Algorithm Analysis by Clifford A.
Shaffer](http://people.cs.vt.edu/shaffer/Book/C++3elatest.pdf) Professor
2000A Torgerson Department of Computer Science Virginia Tech Blacksburg,
VA 24061 (540) 231-4354 <shaffer@vt.edu>. Baptizers include {John the
Baptist, disciples, Philip, Paul} ([Matthew 3:14, John 3:23, Acts 9:18,
Acts 16:14-15, Acts 18:8, 1 Corinthians 1:14, 1 Corinthians
1:16](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/scriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=Matthew%203:14,%20John%203:23,%20Acts%209:18,%20Acts%2016:14-15,%20Acts%2018:8,%201%20Corinthians%201:14,%201%20Corinthians%201:16)).
Baptizeds include {Jesus Christ, Ethopian eunuch, Paul, Cornelius,
Lydia, Crispus, Gaius, Stephanas} ([Matthew 3:13-16, Mark 1:9, Luke
3:21, Acts 9:18, Acts 10:48, Acts 16:14-15, Acts 18:8, 1 Corinthians
1:14, 1 Corinthians
1:16](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/scriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=Matthew%203:13-16,%20Mark%201:9,%20Luke%203:21,%20Acts%209:18,%20Acts%2010:48,%20Acts%2016:14-15,%20Acts%2018:8,%201%20Corinthians%201:14,%201%20Corinthians%201:16)).
Jesus Christ is a member of the baptized set, ∈ but in one case, it is
explicitly stated that Jesus Christ, Himself, did not baptize, ∉, as
Jesus Christ disciples, did the baptisms ([John
4:2](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/scriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=John%204:2)).
Jesus Christ is the only begotten Son of God ([Psalms 2:7, John 1:18,
John 3:16, John 3:18, Acts 13:33, Hebrews 1:5, Hebrews 5:5, 1 John
4:9](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/scriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=Psalms%202:7,%20John%201:18,%20John%203:16,%20John%203:18,%20Acts%2013:33,%20Hebrews%201:5,%20Hebrews%205:5,%201%20John%204:9));
therefore, Jesus Christ is equal, =, to God ([John
5:18](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/scriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=John%205:18)).
A permutation of man\'s sequence is God, Jesus Christ, and then the
human race ([1 Corinthians
15:23-29](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/scriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=1%20Corinthians%2015:23-29)).
The baptizer is probably spiritually more mature, greater than, \>, the
baptized ([Matthew
3:14](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/scriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=Matthew%203:14)).
Paul was baptized, and he subsequently baptized, the only person
mentioned as belonging to both sets; therefore, Paul is a member of the
intersection, ∩, of the baptizer and baptized sets ([Acts 9:18, Acts
16:14-15, Acts 18:8, 1 Corinthians 1:14, 1 Corinthians
1:16](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/scriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=Acts%209:18,%20Acts%2016:14-15,%20Acts%2018:8,%201%20Corinthians%201:14,%201%20Corinthians%201:16)).

\
The table below is an extraction from the [List of XML and HTML
character entity
references](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_XML_and_HTML_character_entity_references)\
\

  Name    Character   Unicode   Description
  ------- ----------- --------- --------------------
  cap     ∩           2229      Intersection
  ni      ∋           220B      contains as member
  notin   ∉           2209      not an element of
  isin    ∈           2208      element of

The
[HeTookSomeWords.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/HeTookSomeWords.html)
is for extracting words from a URI and converting to past tense, plural
and present participle.

The
[HisWord.Aspx](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/HisWord.Aspx)
is for making inquiries about the information stored in the HisWord
table.

The
[HobiGoUp.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/HobiGoUp.html)
will calculate the AlphabetSequence, after the user enters, each key;
and it will display the scripture reference, for where the number occurs
in the Bible.

The
[HoweverOurProgressArePersonal.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/HoweverOurProgressArePersonal.html)
is for querying activities in the Bible.

The
[HoweverWeAreThatIsWhereWeAre.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/HoweverWeAreThatIsWhereWeAre.html)
is for name changes, for example, from Abram to Abraham, from Sarai to
Sarah.

[HowLifeBoundsMe.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/HowLifeBoundsMe.html){datetime="2024-03-04T17:19:00"}
SacredText table search.

The
[HowYouMakeUseOfHisOwn.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/HowYouMakeUseOfHisOwn.html)
is for querying numbers that appear together.

The
[HowWeWouldLearnToSay.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/HowWeWouldLearnToSay.html)
is for listing the volumes and areas defined in the Bible.

The
[HTMLTableToCSV.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/HTMLTableToCSV.html)
will export a HTML table to a CSV file.

The
[IAmAfraidOfTheMark.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/IAmAfraidOfTheMark.html)
will allow the user to specify the scripture reference.

The
[IAmNotForgotten.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/IAmNotForgotten.html)
is for tables and views schema.

The
[IAmNotSharingYouAsAPeopleIAmSharingAManAsMyPeople.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/IAmNotSharingYouAsAPeopleIAmSharingAManAsMyPeople.html)
will determine the numbers that sum up, to the number entered by the
user; and calculate the AlphabetSequence.

The
[IAmTotallyInterestedInAForeignKey.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/IAmTotallyInterestedInAForeignKey.html)
will list a sample of the objects in the Bible. Object for software
research.

The
[IDontThinkICanGetInNba.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/IDontThinkICanGetInNba.html)
sort scripture reference, alphabetically.

The
[IfIPassIWillGetThereAtOneOClock.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/IfIPassIWillGetThereAtOneOClock.html)
will use inheritance to calculate the verse ratio in a book group, for
example 2 Corinthians 11:2, from Pauline Epistles.

The
[IfYouAccumulateYourselfWhereAreYouDepreciated.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/IfYouAccumulateYourselfWhereAreYouDepreciated.html)
retrieves the first unique anchors in a html document.

The
[IHaveKnowItForTwentySix.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/IHaveKnowItForTwentySix.html)
parses URI searching for words in parentheses, assuming they are
scripture references.

The
[IHaveNeverFurtherHitFourCInTheLoad.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/IHaveNeverFurtherHitFourCInTheLoad.html)
will convert into word.

[IHaveTriedAsGodThatIMaySeemAsMen.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/IHaveTriedAsGodThatIMaySeemAsMen.html)
Bible partition word count.

[IKeepOnFindingWhereIAmThatIMayChooseWhereIBelong.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/IKeepOnFindingWhereIAmThatIMayChooseWhereIBelong.html)
Linq with Scripture Reference.

The
[InThisIObtainMyUse.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/InThisIObtainMyUse.html)
will evaluate and sort a JSON array.

The
[IKnowAsDoing.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/IKnowAsDoing.html)
is for soundex.

The
[InDefine.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/InDefine.html)
is a question and answer module, that offers a word game to the user.

The
[InformedGuests.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/InformedGuests.html)
will determine the difference between two scripture references.

The
[InSeldomWeekInComputerTermsWhatIsItCalled.aspx](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/InSeldomWeekInComputerTermsWhatIsItCalled.aspx)
retrieves information from the various dictionaries. The source of our
information, include [Bible
Database](http://www.bibledatabase.net/cybercounsel/bibledatabase.exe),
[Easton\'s Bible Dictionary](http://bibledatabase.org/eastons.html),
[Hitchcock\'s New and Complete Analysis of the Holy
Bible](http://bibledatabase.org/names.html), Nave\'s Topical Bible, [R.
A. Torrey\'s The New Topical
Textbook](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Torrey's_Topical_Textbook), and
[Strong\'s Exhaustive Concordance of the
Bible](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strong's_Concordance).

The
[InSomeonesLifeILived.LettingHimGive.TheReachingOfSomeone.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/InSomeonesLifeILived.LettingHimGive.TheReachingOfSomeone.html)
offers the word of the day, there are no query parameters.

The
[InSuch.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/InSuch.html)
is an attempt to find out, if AlphabetSequence applies to other
groupings in the Bible.

The
[IntegratedLicense.aspx](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/IntegratedLicense.aspx)
is for inspecting the author\'s experience, dream, and remembrance.

The
[InTheUpside.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/InTheUpside.html)
will limit its result set to the count of words in a verse.

The
[InTimeAnswerPast.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/InTimeAnswerPast.html)
is for questions and answers with scripture references.

The
[InYourKindnessYouHaveNotExcludedMe.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/InYourKindnessYouHaveNotExcludedMe.html)
will list from and until dates, in timespan of the Bible.

The
[IRealizeMyFullSenseInMakingMan.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/IRealizeMyFullSenseInMakingMan.html)
will list scripture references where a person, body part, or activities
are mentioned.

The
[INFORMATION_SCHEMA](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Isaiah35v3-7/Isaiah35v3-7.html).

The
[IsMakingRemainderOfTime.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/IsMakingRemainderOfTime.html)
will parse a URI and determine the most occurring and longest words.
Andrew Troelsen and Philip Japikse provided the initial C# sample source
file listing.

The
[IsNecessaryTheSame.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/IsNecessaryTheSame.html)
Enter a number, find sequence words, letters.

The
[IsThisGenerationTheSame.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/IsThisGenerationTheSame.html){datetime="2023-11-11T08:33:00"}
will extract the word and date by using their regular expression
patterns.

The
[ItIsMeWhenItSeemAtAll.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/ItIsMeWhenItSeemAtAll.html){datetime="2018-12-28T00:00:00"}
will list timespan.

The
[ItIsNotHowMuchYouGiveItIsWhoYouGiveOhLORD.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/ItIsNotHowMuchYouGiveItIsWhoYouGiveOhLORD.html){datetime="2022-05-15T11:56:00"}
is word arrangement count statistics.

The
[IThinkInAfricaWaterDry.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/IThinkInAfricaWaterDry.html){datetime="2016-09-11T00:00:00"}
Duplicate verse text, having more than one occurrences.

[IWantToBringAllTheFamiliesTogether.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/IWantToBringAllTheFamiliesTogether.html){datetime="2024-02-22T06:49:00"}
words count.

The
[ItWasTwoThirtyThreeZeroThreeZeroEight.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/ItWasTwoThirtyThreeZeroThreeZeroEight.html){datetime="2020-07-04T00:00:00"}
time.

The
[IValueMostWhereIAmPurposelyUse.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/IValueMostWhereIAmPurposelyUse.html){datetime="2015-07-31T00:00:00"}
will list the count of verses that make-up the Bible.

The
[IWantATenThousandDayIWillConceive.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/IWantATenThousandDayIWillConceive.html)
will search the software files for word occurrences and probability.

The
[IWasThereForAMinuteNevada.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/IWasThereForAMinuteNevada.html){datetime="2021-10-19T00:00:00"}
will list some of the titles in the Bible, such as, king, queen, priest,
priestess, prophet.

The
[IWillBringAsMuchAsMyself.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/IWillBringAsMuchAsMyself.html){datetime="2022-12-27T09:00:00"}
will search for occurrences of scripture reference.

The
[IWillFeelAWinningAge.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Dated/IWillFeelAWinningAge.html)
will use regular expression to match all the dates at a url, and
determine the timespan between a given date.

The
[IWillLliftItUpIDontTearItByName.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/IWillLliftItUpIDontTearItByName.html){datetime="2020-08-28T00:00:00"}.

The
[IWillNotDivideMySize.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Dated/IWillNotDivideMySize.html)
will calculate units of measurements.

The
[IWillTakeThemUpForTakingMyDelay.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/IWillTakeThemUpForTakingMyDelay.html?scriptureReference=Hebrews%2011,%20John%201,%20Genesis%2022:2,%20Genesis%201,%20John%2017,%20Exodus%202,%20Daniel%209:24-27,%20Nehemiah%209,%20Ezra%209,%20Romans%2010){datetime="2018-09-25T00:00:00"}
will sort scripture reference(s).

The
[IwoAtiTutu.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/IwoAtiTutu.html){datetime="2021-08-24T14:00:00"}
will list the elements statistics of the DOM.

The
[IwoKanSebe.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/IwoKanSebe.html){datetime="2023-02-22T13:23:00"}
will list sample data.

The
[IWontBringWhereIAmToSeeWhereIAmYours.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/IWontBringWhereIAmToSeeWhereIAmYours.html?scriptureReference=Genesis%2022:2,%20Revelation%2022:21,%20Hebrews%2011:25)
will list the scripture reference with there positions in the whole
Bible, Testament, and Book.

The [JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) - Data Definition Language
(DDL).html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/JSONDDL/JavaScript%20Object%20Notation%20(JSON)%20-%20Data%20Definition%20Language%20(DDL).html){datetime="2018-02-14T00:00:00"}
will parse a JSON url, and will determine the data\'s names and types.

The
[JeshuaBrothers.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/JeshuaBrothers.html){datetime="2016-07-20T00:00:00"}
will list the stored procedures, and their output.

The
[JesusToSacrificeEverythingToSacrificeAll.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/wordengineering/WordGroup/JesusToSacrificeEverythingToSacrificeAll.html){datetime="2020-09-07T00:00:00"}
will list the verse(s) including parenthesis.

[JohnJohnToFourteen.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/JohnJohnToFourteen.html){datetime="2021-03-11T06:36:00"}
will count the occurrences in scripture reference.

The
[JonSuh.com\_-\_JavaScriptTemplatingBibleBook.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/wordengineering/JonSuh.com/JonSuh.com_-_JavaScriptTemplatingBibleBook.html){datetime="2019-06-24T15:36:00"}
will list and format Bible books by using JavaScript templating.

[July1951NineteenFiftyOne.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/July1951NineteenFiftyOne.html){datetime="2019-04-18T00:00:00"}
Using Linq; for condition and sorting.

The
[JumpOverTheThirteenth.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/JumpOverTheThirteenth.html?ratio=0.1538461538461538)
will decide the scripture reference using a ratio.

The
[JRSinclair.com\_-\_WhatSearchesAfterItselfWillNeverBeAppended.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/JRSinclair.com_-_WhatSearchesAfterItselfWillNeverBeAppended.html){datetime="2022-04-30T14:30:00"}
will filter, map, reduce.

The
[JSZip.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/JavaScript/Algorithm/JSZip.html){datetime="2021-08-17T14:47:00"}
file compression.

The
[JustThirtyOneDaysDivided.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/JustThirtyOneDaysDivided.html){datetime="2021-08-25T12:03:00"}
for a given selector, computes the occurrences, join IDs.

The
[Kitan.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/Kitan.html)
will display the corresponding book, chapter, and verse; for a user
entered number.

The
[KnowingMeAsAPersonIsSeeingYouAsAPeople.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/KnowingMeAsAPersonIsSeeingYouAsAPeople.html?scriptureReference=Genesis%2022:2,%20Revelation%2022:21,%20Hebrews%2011:25){datetime="2018-03-21T00:00:00"}
will list the first and last letters.

The
[KnowingTheObvious.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Bible/KnowingTheObvious/KnowingTheObvious.html){datetime="2021-03-25T14:41:00"}
will list a sample of the use cases in the Bible.

The
[labs.bible.orgNETBibleWebService.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/labs.bible.orgNETBibleWebService.html){datetime="2015-06-19T00:00:00"}
is for seeing Bible citations from [Bible.org NET Bible Web Service
(API)](http://labs.bible.org/api_web_service). For example,
[votd](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/labs.bible.orgNETBibleWebService.html?scriptureReference=votd)
(Verse of the Day),
[random](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/labs.bible.orgNETBibleWebService.html?scriptureReference=random),
[John
1](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/labs.bible.orgNETBibleWebService.html?scriptureReference=John%201).

The
[LastAfter.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/LastAfter.html){datetime="2018-01-25T00:00:00"}
will list the letters occurrences, in the first and last positions, in
the Bible.

The
[LaurenLangbert\_-\_LLangbert@quickbase.com\_-\_OurConnectionWithPeopleAreOurPastime.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/LaurenLangbert_-_LLangbert@quickbase.com_-_OurConnectionWithPeopleAreOurPastime.html)
will list the time.

The
[LearnWithJason.dev\_-\_FormDataAPI.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/LearnWithJason.dev_-_FormDataAPI.html)
will construct key/value pairs of form entries.

The
[Lent.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/Lent.html?dated=2019-04-10)
adds the date parts, and calculates the AlphabetSequence.

The
[LetMeBeTheWay.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/LetMeBeTheWay.html){datetime="2016-03-04T00:00:00"}
will list duplicates in the Bible.

The
[LetPeterGo.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/LetPeterGo.html){datetime="2020-01-29T00:00:00"}
replace the parts of speech with the name of an actor.

The
[LetsBringThisToTheConstitutionMovement.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/LetsBringThisToTheConstitutionMovement.html){datetime="2022-02-01 12:05:27.977"}
is for regular expression experimentation.

The
[LeviticusAirDrop.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/LeviticusAirDrop.html){datetime="2017-12-14T00:00:00"}
will allow the user to specify the BookIDs.

The
[LifesNormancy.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/LifesNormancy.html)
will accept initial or abbreviation, and determine the scripture
reference. For example,
[NCY](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/LifesNormancy.html?word=NCY)
[2 Chronicles 3, 2 Thessalonians
1](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ScriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=2%20Chronicles%203,%202%20Thessalonians%201)

The
[ListCount.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/ListCount.html)
will count generations.

The
[LivedBeyondTheWilderness.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/LivedBeyondTheWilderness.html)
is for querying based on the Book ID, Chapter ID, Verse ID.

The
[LivesOnWord.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/LivesOnWord/LivesOnWord.html)
will create or alter a URI, and solicit response.

[LookingAtMeAsAReflectionOfYou.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/LookingAtMeAsAReflectionOfYou.html){datetime="2024-01-16 05:14:20.463"
hiswordid="159285" contactid="13731"
url="robertrubin.com/the-yellow-pad"} 2024-01-19T09:14:00 Is for
querying exact occurrences based on word entered.

[LovingLiving.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/LovingLiving.html)
Knowing to be kind; I realize my view.

[MakeMeKnow.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/MakeMeKnow.html)
uses count and length of words for retrieval.

[MakingMentionAtAges.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/MakingMentionAtAges.html)
Add to days span.

[MakingTodayAMemoryOfTomorrow.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/MakingTodayAMemoryOfTomorrow.html)
The words that have the same first letters, initialism, are returned.

The
[MeISupposeInTime.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/MeISupposeInTime.html)
takes a number, and find words with the same length.

The
[MakingITrueIsLeftToNoOneEspeciallyUpToMe.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/MakingITrueIsLeftToNoOneEspeciallyUpToMe.html)
will list the various methods of communications that are mentioned in
the Bible.

The
[MapTime.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/MapTime.html)
will draw the analog clock, and list the various times, recorded in the
Bible.

The
[MeetMyEndThrough.aspx](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/MeetMyEndThrough.aspx)
will parse through the Bible, and determine the numbers, and scriptural
occurrence(s).

The
[MentioningThings.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/MentioningThings.html)
will parse a scripture reference result set and for each word display
scripture reference first and last occurrences and the count of
occurrences. It is like exact.html but it allows the user to restrict
the scripture reference and row [ at which the word
]{datetime="2023-09-29T14:58:00" contactid="991"
url="http://linkedin.com/in/ChristinattNguyen"
commentary="Exact.html: Need to report and explain code implementation."}
occurs.

The
[MightyMenOfDavid2Samuel23.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/MightyMenOfDavid2Samuel23.html)
will sample king David\'s mighty men, as listed in [2 Samuel
23](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ScriptureReference.html?scriptureReference=2%20Samuel%2023).

The
[MiraculousPower.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/MiraculousPower.html)
will trace the various stages of our lives.

The
[MissingItSimpleHeDid.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/MissingItSimpleHeDid.html)
will allow the user to enter Bible citations, and enter the words that
appear, in these Bible citations.

The
[MondayFifteenthNineteenSeventyThree.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/MondayFifteenthNineteenSeventyThree.html)
find the months when the dates occurs on the day of the week.

The
[MondaySeventeenth.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Dated/MondaySeventeenth.html){datetime="2023-11-29T10:30:00"}
find the occurrences of the week day, and the day of the month.

The
[MoFeMaLoleMoNiyawoLe.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/MoFeMaLoleMoNiyawoLe.html)
will allow the user to enter a scripture reference, and it will output
the distinct count of books, chapters, and verses.

The
[MoKanNiOFileNaNi.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/MoKanNiOFileNaNi.html)
will list the HisWord entries for holidays.

The
[MostlyAbsentFact.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/MostlyAbsentFact.html)
will do a where conditional like query on the scripture reference.

The
[MyCondemn.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/MyCondemn.html)
will accept a Book ID, and verse ID; and it will calculate the distance
apart. G-d.

The
[NaturalOccurringSequence.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/NaturalOccurringSequence.html)
will report when the alphabet sequence identifiers are the same, in
order.

The
[NeedingWhereIAm.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/NeedingWhereIAm.html)
will list the related verses in the Bible.

The
[NorthCarolinaWantToHaveOurOwnNavy_CarolWasVotingForChiefLeye.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/NorthCarolinaWantToHaveOurOwnNavy_CarolWasVotingForChiefLeye.html)
will group by either ContactID, Dated, or URI.

The
[NotHappyWithAPlaceClassX.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/NotHappyWithAPlaceClassX.html)
will query on the Bible word, number, logic and version.

The
[NotOnlyMeIWillBeAsSome.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/NotOnlyMeIWillBeAsSome.html)
will allow the user to enter Bible citations, and it will show the words
that appear in these citations, and there frequency of occurrence.

The
[NothingBeyondMeIsAcceptableToMe.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/NothingBeyondMeIsAcceptableToMe.html)
will accept a Bible version, and provide the most occurring and longest
word(s).

The
[NoticingTheSame.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/NoticingTheSame.html)
will record the events in the Bible, along with the actors involved,
scripture reference, and the places of occurrences.

The
[OneSixThreeButYouCantTellThat.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/OneSixThreeButYouCantTellThat.html)
will allow the user to enter a book, chapter, and verse.

The
[OccurrenceOfTheMotion.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/OccurrenceOfTheMotion.html)
allows the user to enter words; select the combination - or, and,
phrase; and it will find the occurrences in the Bible, and afterwards
determine the correlation between these words and the alphabet sequence
of these positions in the HisWord table.

The
[OftenTimeIsTheGuise.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/OftenTimeIsTheGuise.html)
allows the user to enter a date, and use dates in the Bible as offsets.

The
[OjoToOhunBaPariPeluWon.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/OjoToOhunBaPariPeluWon.html)
will rank Bible books, according to their number of chapters.

The
[OlohunModupeFunEyanToFunMiLeni.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/OlohunModupeFunEyanToFunMiLeni.html)
is similar to Exact.html but it offers the opportunity to restrict by
scripture reference and phrase. It will only list information for ranks
and numerals.

[OneOfTomorrow.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/OneOfTomorrow.html)
Apoclyptic statistics probability.

[OneForTheForbiddenBoy.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/OneForTheForbiddenBoy.html)
sample statistics in the Bible; based on the numbers, in the Bible.

[OneMustAddToTheSourceOfGovernment.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/OneMustAddToTheSourceOfGovernment.html)
is like a more recent form of Exact.

[OneOfTheFamousWebsiteIKnowThrewUsByComfortAsYouGoTo.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/OneOfTheFamousWebsiteIKnowThrewUsByComfortAsYouGoTo.html)
is a query for the Remember table.

[OurFixationOnNumber.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/OurFixationOnNumber.html)
A set of letters that must exists in the word(s) found.

[OurPeople.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/OurPeople.html?word=Kehinde)
find the word that have the matching alphabets.

[OurTogetherMayNeverLast,ButOurJoinAreForever.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Resume/OurTogetherMayNeverLast,ButOurJoinAreForever.html)
[jsonresume.org](http://www.jsonresume.org) Takes a standard format; and
makes reason out of it? With the specified work experience, predict the
organizations that have openings in similar roles; which recruiters
specialize in filling these positions? With the level of education,
which learning institutions offer advancement programme(s). Where is the
skill set useful, or obliterated? Our initial work uses the
[behindthename.com](http://www.behindthename.com/api) to find the name
meaning and origin.

[OurTypeAtTheEnd.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/OurTypeAtTheEnd.html)
When I seem to have ended; that is when I regained my value.

[PaulWhoCouldTalkAboutYouIndividualProsperity.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/PaulWhoCouldTalkAboutYouIndividualProsperity.html)
will display contact related information.

[ParseAFileAndGenerateTheHyperlink.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/ParseAFileAndGenerateTheHyperlink.html)

[People](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/People.html)
will identify the people and their progenitors.

[PeopleLivingAlike.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/PeopleLivingAlike.html)
Find all the same values in a column? Uses the Exact table.

The
[PlacesInTheBible.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/PlacesInTheBible.html)
will list the places, and there references in the Bible; the source for
the link of places is [List of biblical
places](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_biblical_places).

The
[Placeth.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/Placeth.html)
will list the events in the Bible, and offer the user, the opportunity
to say the place.

The
[PhrasesInTheBible.aspx](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/PhrasesInTheBible.aspx)
will list the phrases, and there representation in the Bible.

The
[PhraseTwoOrMoreWordsThatReOccur.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/PhraseTwoOrMoreWordsThatReOccur.html)
will find the phrases in the Bible; two or more words that appear in
more than one place.

[plot.ly
Census](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/plot.ly/plot.ly_-_Census.html)

The
[PrecedeMyTalking.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/PrecedeMyTalking.html)
will list Bible books by groups.

The
[PreparedForTime.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/PreparedForTime.html)
will extract nodes without children and form AlphabetSequence
hyperlinks.

The
[PressureByYourTeamMetAtY.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/PressureByYourTeamMetAtY.html)
will list similar verses, Soundex, in versions of the Bible.

The
[Programmative.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/Programmative.html)
will accept a scripture reference, and return the set of scripture
references that it has reverse-engineered using the alphabet sequence;
these is a corresponding set.

[ProperNames.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/ProperNames.html)
comparing words with Biblical soundex. For the first time, the author
was able to use the JavaScript\'s set function for distinct words, and
also the ASP.Net\'s C# function accepts the WebMethod()\'s List string
parameter. Is it self compartmentalized? The chose to place business
logic in the .html and .asmx files and not in the database. Although
JavaScript offers Soundex, the database contains the Biblical words. The
database also supports set-based logic, but there are inconsistencies in
database programming; therefore, the need to succumb to row-based
affordability cost.

[PropertiesOnTheWeb.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/PropertiesOnTheWeb.html)
is a way of obtaining user maintenance of the web.

[PublishingTheFactNotAlludingToTruth.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/PublishingTheFactNotAlludingToTruth.html)
compares the date the user enters with the dates in history.

[ReferringToHimAsMyWork.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/ReferringToHimAsMyWork.html)
will search words by alphabet(s).

The
[RelatedVerses.aspx](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/RelatedVerses.aspx)
will determine the correlation between the words, between the various
verse text.

The
[RepeatedWords.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/RepeatedWords.html)
will find the words that are repeated in the Bible verses, beside each
other.

The
[RokoCBuljan\_-\_Croatia\_-\_WordCount(wc).html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Unix/RokoCBuljan_-_Croatia_-_WordCount(wc).html)
[wc (Unix)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wc_(Unix))

The
[ScriptureReference.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ScriptureReference.html)
as the name indicates, is for displaying [Bible
citations](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bible_citation). If no Bible
citation is specified, then the complete Bible is displayed. Use the
colon letter to separate the chapter from the verse, and use the
Hyphen-minus symbol, as the range delimiter. To enter more than one
Bible citations, separate each subset with a comma or semi-colon. For
the computer to choose, enter, qotd, or random. The title of a sub-text
may also be entered, for example, Holy of Holies, Shema, Akedah. I have
taken, a leaf, from [htmlbible.com](http://www.htmlbible.com), for my
formatting. The display, is a show, of what I learnt from
[htmlbible.com](http://www.htmlbible.com).

[ScriptureReferenceComparance.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/ScriptureReferenceComparance.html)

[ScriptureReferenceSort.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/ScriptureReference/ScriptureReferenceSort.html)

The
[Sefaria.org\_-\_TextsAPI.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Bible/Sefaria.org/Sefaria.org_-_TextsAPI.html)

The
[SeOKa.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/SeOKa.html)
will do statistics - count, minimum, maximum.

The
[SeOLeBereAddressBukolaOrBuki.aspx](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/SeOLeBereAddressBukolaOrBuki.aspx)
will retrieve information from the HisWord and associated tables.

The
[SeOLeLoLinqWithRegEx.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/SeOLeLoLinqWithRegEx.html){datetime="2023-07-30T12:34:00"}
will use a dynamic Linq where clause to query the HisWord table.

The
[SeparateTheirDesireOfTheBible.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/SeparateTheirDesireOfTheBible.html)
will search for a clause, within a scripture reference.

The
[ServingWho.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/ServingWho.html)
will search for a clause, within a scripture reference; group by book or
chapter.

The
[SetALineHereTulan.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/SetALineHereTulan.html)
will divide a number by 2, for example, 67 / 2 = 33 and 34.

The
[SheWalkedTowardInFourDays.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/SheWalkedTowardInFourDays.html)
will search for a clause, and group by Testament, book, or chapter.

The
[ShowingAPersonHowHeIsTrulyIs.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ShowingAPersonHowHeIsTrulyIs.html?bibleWord=woman)
will offer information on word usage.

The
[Sign-UpForTheNewAppleIIInvesting.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/Sign-UpForTheNewAppleIIInvesting.html?word=Apple&bibleVersion=KingJamesVersion)
uses regular expressions on both sides, both the database, sql, and the
front end, javascript, to find the words that are exact matches, and
count the occurrences.

[SignOccurrence.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/SignOccurrence.html){datetime="2023-11-03T08:10:00"}
will display either all or a particular unit of sign which will be day,
week, month, year, time.

The
[SiteVisit.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/SiteVisit.html)
allows the user to measure the time spent on the internet.

The
[SixDifferentThingToLet.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Text-To-Speech/SixDifferentThingToLet.html)
computer will say a random scripture reference, and the user will try to
enter what the computer said.

The
[StartingQuestion.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/StartingQuestion.html?scriptureReference=Matthew%2027:19)
will find the preceding punctuation marks.

The
[StatedInTheBible.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/StatedInTheBible.html)
stages in a life.

The
[SternIsTheBloodyNameOfTheSin.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/SternIsTheBloodyNameOfTheSin.html)
is an attempt to find the previous occurrence of the Bible; using a
date, we will go back, and determine previous entries, according to the
calendar. For example, using the date, 2008-03-11, we will find week of
year; that is between 2001-04-17 \... 2008-03-11.

The
[SurveyJS.io\_-\_Bible.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/SurveyJS.io/SurveyJS.io_-_Bible.html).

The
[SysColumns.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/SysColumns.html)
and their definitions.

The
[TableSize.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/SQL%20Server/Script/Microsoft/TableSize.html)
will list the sizes of the tables in descending order.

The
[ThatIAim.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/ThatIAim.html){datetime="2023-10-01T14:18:00"}
is a APass query. Ben Forta. Forta.com. Lead and Lag.
NaturalOccurringSequence.

The
[ThatIMaySeemInTheMannerYouMadeMe.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ThatIMaySeemInTheMannerYouMadeMe.html)
is a demonstration of the user\'s aptitude with the Bible.

The
[ThatIsNotWhereHisVoiceIsAt.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/ThatIsNotWhereHisVoiceIsAt.html)
uses alasql.

The
[ThatIsWhyWeAreTodayToSeemTomorrowForever.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/ThatIsWhyWeAreTodayToSeemTomorrowForever.html)
is an adaptation of BibleWord.html, it does grouping.

The
[That\'sWhatWeGotToDo.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/That'sWhatWeGotToDo.html)
will parse a url, and return the difference in dates.

The
[TheClosenessToConfirmation.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/TheClosenessToConfirmation.html)
people can look into these events; and when they fulfill it, in their
lives.

The
[TheDangersOfComputationalMission.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/TheDangersOfComputationalMission.html)
will allow a user to enter a url, and it will then display the inputs to
form a querystring.

The
[TheDaysHeGivesUsIsFullAheadThereIsUponChange.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/TheDaysHeGivesUsIsFullAheadThereIsUponChange.html)
is a data dictionary.

The
[TheFansMayThinkYouAreFromADifferentCompanyYouAreFromADifferentKind.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/TheFansMayThinkYouAreFromADifferentCompanyYouAreFromADifferentKind.html)
is a format for a prayer/petition.

The
[TheIdentityBelongs.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/TheIdentityBelongs.html)
is a survey of urls/uris and chooses remarkable attributes.

The
[TheLastTime.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/TheLastTime.html)
is a query of the metric and unit of the Bible.

The
[TheLoveOfResemblance.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/TheLoveOfResemblance.html)
will run a total on repeats.

The
[TheMid-TermFromMid-TermIsWhatAllowForChanges.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/TheMid-TermFromMid-TermIsWhatAllowForChanges.html)
is a query of the occasions in the Bible.

The
[TheNeglectityOfDesire.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/TheNeglectityOfDesire.html)
is for scripture reference and word count(s).

The
[TheNightWasOverWhenIWas_HeCelebrateHimselfOverYou.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/TheNightWasOverWhenIWas_HeCelebrateHimselfOverYou.html)
retrieves Bible verses based on the unit, start, end, and interval
specified by the user.

The
[TheOftenAreLater.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/TheOftenAreLater.html?word=Demi%20deya.)
determines the AlphabetSequenceIndex of a word, which it converts to
Roman numeral.

The
[TheOnlyTwoCaseThatIsGoingToSucceedAreTheCasePioneer.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/TheOnlyTwoCaseThatIsGoingToSucceedAreTheCasePioneer.html)
is an income and expense.

The
[ThePilgrimAreMemoryOfOurForever.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ThePilgrimAreMemoryOfOurForever.html)
is a survey questionaire, of the questions and answers in the Bible.

The
[ThereAreNoTalkingLanguage.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/ThereAreNoTalkingLanguage.html)
will search by ContactIDs.

The
[TheResponsibilityPlacedOnReasoning.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/TheResponsibilityPlacedOnReasoning.html)
will analyze situations in the Bible.

The
[TheTripAmong.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/TheTripAmong.html)
is a query of the words in the Bible, that have the same soundex as the
TopLevelDomain.

Query restriction by count of words.
[TheVoiceOfGermanyTheEndOfGermany.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/TheVoiceOfGermanyTheEndOfGermany.html)

Query restriction by count of words.
[TheWayYouHaveGentlyRevealedReceivedMyWord.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/TheWayYouHaveGentlyRevealedReceivedMyWord.html){datetime="2024-03-04T12:49:00"}

The
[ThinkLikeIThinkYouWouldThink.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ThinkLikeIThinkYouWouldThink.html)
will reverse-engineer the tables, and present the information in the
represented format, for example, csv, html, json, sql, xml. The schema
of the database.

The
[ThirteenFiveThereIsAGirlAndHerMotherAt.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/ThirteenFiveThereIsAGirlAndHerMotherAt.html)
day of the year percentage.

The
[ThirteenTenZerosix.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/ThirteenTenZerosix.html)
is node element statistics.

Soundex of the HisWord\'s table Word column
[ThisIsHowIHaveDesireToUseYou.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/ThisIsHowIHaveDesireToUseYou.html)

The
[ThisIsTheElusiveMisterGrayFifth.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ThisIsTheElusiveMisterGrayFifth.html)
presents questions and answers, which are numeric.

The event
[ThisIsTheEventInTheirLives.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/ThisIsTheEventInTheirLives.html)
according to age.

Breaking sentence into two
[ThisIsTheThingThatWillDetermineIfHeIsOurMan.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/ThisIsTheThingThatWillDetermineIfHeIsOurMan.html).

The
[ThisPaperWillArgueTheSumOfCost.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ThisPaperWillArgueTheSumOfCost.html)
will record the transactions in the Bible. A search was done, for the
various kind of currencies, money, [Shekels, silver,
gold](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BibleWord.html?bibleWord=shekels%20silver%20gold&logic=or&wholeWords=false),
and probably when it is a gift, the financial amount was not mentioned.

The
[ThisPaperWillArgueTheSumOfCost.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ThisPaperWillArgueTheSumOfCost.html)
will record the transactions in the Bible. A search was done, for the
various kind of currencies [Shekels, silver,
gold](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/BibleWord.html?bibleWord=shekels%20silver%20gold&logic=or&wholeWords=false),
and probably when it is a gift, the financial amount was not mentioned.

The
[TimeHasAdjustedAsTheEvent.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/TimeHasAdjustedAsTheEvent.html)
Crossword puzzle

The
[TiNiyiMiObiMo.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Uri/TiNiyiMiObiMo.html?uri=javascriptplayground.com/url-search-params&author=Jack%20Franklin)
URI search parameters.

The
[ToACertainDegreeLetManSeemHimself.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ToACertainDegreeLetManSeemHimself.html?uri=http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_L._Joss)
is a sequence diagram.

The
[ToBeginAtTheLeastIsToSeeTheResemblance.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ToBeginAtTheLeastIsToSeeTheResemblance.html?uri=http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_L._Joss)
accepts an uri, and presents the words in the Bible.

[ToCarrySomeone.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ToCarrySomeone.html)
For a given time of the day, determine the time in between?

[ToCarrySomeone.aspx](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ToCarrySomeone.aspx)
For a given time of the day, determine the days in between?

The
[ToHaveLiveALifeIAmAProveOf.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ToHaveLiveALifeIAmAProveOf.html?bibleWord=Woman)
accepts a word, and gives the concordance.

The
[ToHelpOneAnotherChooseTheChoosingOfOurTime.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ToHelpOneAnotherChooseTheChoosingOfOurTime.html)
is the first use of [SQL window
function](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Select_(SQL)).

The
[ToKnowMyPercentageOfMyScore.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ToKnowMyPercentageOfMyScore.html)
will list the various ratios in the Bible, and their associated
scripture reference.

The
[ToLiveACompleteLifeIsNotToHaveSpentTheFew.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ToLiveACompleteLifeIsNotToHaveSpentTheFew.html)
will find the word(s) that occur at positions, within a scripture
reference.

The
[ToLoveISupposeUnknown.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/ToLoveISupposeUnknown.html)
will retrieve the scripture numbers for a date that is separated into
the year, month, day.

The
[ToMostExpectMyName.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/ToMostExpectMyName.html)
book, chapter and verse query.

Prophecy and Fulfillment: Keyword Variation
[ToObtainTheLastYouNeedToFavorTheFirst.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/ToObtainTheLastYouNeedToFavorTheFirst.html){datetime="2021-12-04T12:28:00"}

The
[ToPretendThereIsNoOneElseAboveYouIsToSeeNoOneBelowYou.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ToPretendThereIsNoOneElseAboveYouIsToSeeNoOneBelowYou.html?groupBy=Chapter)
will arrange the Bible verses in the order specified by the user.

The
[ToRememberHisConversationAsMine.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/ToRememberHisConversationAsMine.html)
The user may enter a date, and calculate the date entrance, a country is
optional. For example, my date of birth is 1967-10-15, and country of
birth got independent on 1960-10-01; therefore, the country got
independence a generation before the second millenium, and I was given
birth to thirty three years, later, Jesus\' lifetime.

The
[ToRunAsLife.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/ToRunAsLife.html)
Bible word occurrences.

The
[ToSeeOneBeginningAndEndAsHim.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/ToSeeOneBeginningAndEndAsHim.html)
Template literals (Template strings), place holder

The
[ToUseAConstructionOfYourself.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/ToUseAConstructionOfYourself.html)
will draw a figure of a person and it will give the user the opportunity
to click on a particular part of the human body.

The
[TrueOriginSelect.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/RatingRank/TrueOriginSelect.html)
will list the names of churches, and give the user the option to
determine their denominations.

The
[TwoField.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/TwoField.html)
will allow the specification of a scripture reference, and adding a
number.

The
[TwoEighteenTwoNineteenAndForLongCast.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/TwoEighteenTwoNineteenAndForLongCast.html)
will allow for querying based from and until: BooK ID, Chapter ID, Verse
ID.

The
[TypeViewer.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/TypeViewer.html)
will allow the user to get reflection on types. The bulk of the work is
from [C# 6.0 and the .NET 4.6 Framework by Andrew Troelsen Philip
Japikse](http://apress.com/us/book/9781484213339)

The
[TypesTheBeing.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/TypesTheBeing.html)
will report the various actors and their classification.

The
[UnlessOneIsTrueWhereIsTheFound.aspx](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/UnlessOneIsTrueWhereIsTheFound.aspx)
is for date duration.

The
[UntilAmericaComeToItsForeigners_IfYouKnowYourPartAsPeopleYouWillKnowYourFactAsDeed.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/UntilAmericaComeToItsForeigners_IfYouKnowYourPartAsPeopleYouWillKnowYourFactAsDeed.html)
will list the parents, children, and descendants count.

The
[UnixEpochDateTime.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Dated)
is modeled after [Date/Epoch Time Converter - JavaScript
Utilities/Tools -
ESQSoft](http://www.esqsoft.com/javascript_examples/date-to-epoch.htm),
and it is for converting between the [Unix
time](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_time) and the human readable
date time format.

The
[URIView.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/URIView.html)
will list URIs.

The
[UserTechnology.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/UserTechnology.html)
will aid in finding rememberance in dates.

The
[VerseStepper.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/VerseStepper.html)
uses webworkers to sequence through the Bible.

The
[WantingMeToTheGrooveButTheGrooveDontTakeControlOfMeWantingMeToControlOfMyself.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/WantingMeToTheGrooveButTheGrooveDontTakeControlOfMeWantingMeToControlOfMyself.html)
will list the Bible books, chapters, and verses in descending order of
occurrences.

The
[WillYouKnowMeAsGodApart.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/WillYouKnowMeAsGodApart.html){datetime="2022-11-05T05:37:00"}
will list the contacts in the
IHaveDecidedToWorkOnAGradualImprovingSystem database.

2023-08-31 15:42:41.387 The
[WhatAreHisIntentAsFavor.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/WhatAreHisIntentAsFavor.html){datetime="2023-09-02T05:30:00"}
soundex order by rank.

The
[WhatAreTheRegularFactorInfluencingYourPerception.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/WhatAreTheRegularFactorInfluencingYourPerception.html)
will list the various sense organs, and there occurrences in the Bible.
For example, smell, sound, see.

The
[WhatDoYouUseAsYourTime.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/WhatDoYouUseAsYourTime.html)
will count ContactIDs and Dates occurrences.

The
[WhatDidGokeSayINL.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/WhatDidGokeSayINL.html)
will accept initials, and determine the scripture reference.

[WhatDidIFitIntoAPlace.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/WhatDidIFitIntoAPlace.html){datetime="2023-12-18T20:36:00"}
Arrange these words in appearance?

The
[WhatDivideTheConcern.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/WhatDivideTheConcern.html)
will construct a where clause according to range and percentage.

The
[WhatDoesHeWantToSeeAsUs.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/WhatDoesHeWantToSeeAsUs.html)
Bible Book word occurrences.

The
[WhatDoYouNeedOutOfLifeThatIsWhatIHaveChosenForYou.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/WhatDoYouNeedOutOfLifeThatIsWhatIHaveChosenForYou.html)
will determine the ratio of scripture reference from a Bible books
group, for example 2 Corinthians 11:2, from Pauline Epistles.

The
[WhatFollowsTheWordIsHowPersonallyYouUseIt.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/WhatFollowsTheWordIsHowPersonallyYouUseIt.html)
will retrieve editable sacred text.

The
[WhatIsAcceptedAsAPersonIsAcceptedAsAGod.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/WhatIsAcceptedAsAPersonIsAcceptedAsAGod.html)
is a quiz for entering the most occurring word, and scripture reference.

[WhatIsHappeningTwelfthSaturdayWoBoSeWoWa.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/WhatIsHappeningTwelfthSaturdayWoBoSeWoWa.html)

The
[WhatHisWordCanSayByDeedAlone.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/WhatHisWordCanSayByDeedAlone.html)
will list the Bible books and AlphabetSequence.

The
[WhatInstrumentOfValueDoIObtain.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/WhatInstrumentOfValueDoIObtain.html)
percentage of markup in a document?

The
[WhatIsThisTheOneCarryingWhatIsThisYouWantMeToDo.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/WhatIsThisTheOneCarryingWhatIsThisYouWantMeToDo.html)
for a scripture reference will list the ChapterIDSequence,
VerseIDSequence, ChapterIDSequencePercent, VerseIDSequencePercent.

The
[WhatIsYourQuestOfInterestCommonGoals.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/WhatIsYourQuestOfInterestCommonGoals.html)
will list all the verses within a specified range.

The
[WhatMagnitudeDidHePresent.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/WhatMagnitudeDidHePresent.html)
will calculate the percentage in a scripture reference.

The
[WhatRemembranceOfMan.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/WhatRemembranceOfMan.html)
will determine when a Bible Word is included in a Scripture Reference.

[WhatRolesAreMentionMostInTheBible.html?word=Winter, Spring, Summer,
Fall](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/WhatRolesAreMentionMostInTheBible.html?word=Winter,%20Spring,%20Summer,%20Fall)

The
[WhatSetsUsApartIsHowWeAreFavorableAtUse.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/WhatSetsUsApartIsHowWeAreFavorableAtUse.html?question=Pentateuch,Major%20Prophets,Minor%20Prophets,Gospels)
Bible groups.

The
[WhatSubstitutionLiesAhead.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/WhatSubstitutionLiesAhead.html)
does query on PowerShell verb(s).

The
[WhatTimeIsItPleaseNineFortyNine.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/WhatTimeIsItPleaseNineFortyNine.html)
time of the day percentage.

[WhatWillDriveYouToHate.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Dated/WhatWillDriveYouToHate.html)
Dates difference reciprocate?

[WhatWillInvolveLifeAsOurPart.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WhatWillInvolveLifeAsOurPart/WhatWillInvolveLifeAsOurPart.html)
Database for Unified Modeling Language (UML), actor, place, activity,
action?\
[https://github.com/KenAdeniji/SQLServerDataDefinitionLanguageDDL/blob/master/WhatWillInvolveLifeAsOurPart/WhatWillInvolveLifeAsOurPart_Schema.sql](http://github.com/KenAdeniji/SQLServerDataDefinitionLanguageDDL/blob/master/WhatWillInvolveLifeAsOurPart/WhatWillInvolveLifeAsOurPart_Schema.sql)\
<http://github.com/KenAdeniji/SQLServerDataManipulationLanguageDML/blob/main/WhatWillInvolveLifeAsOurPart/2023-10-22T2122WhatWillInvolveLifeAsOurPart_SchemaData.sql>\
<http://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordEngineering/blob/main/InformationInTransit/WhatWillInvolveLifeAsOurPart/WhatWillInvolveLifeAsOurPartHelper.cs>\
<http://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordEngineering/blob/main/IIS/WordEngineering/WhatWillInvolveLifeAsOurPart/WhatWillInvolveLifeAsOurPart.asmx>\
<http://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordEngineering/blob/main/IIS/WordEngineering/WhatWillInvolveLifeAsOurPart/WhatWillInvolveLifeAsOurPart.html>

[WhatWillYouFindThatPlace.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/Dated/WhatWillYouFindThatPlace.html)
Parse URI and determine the date for a specific day of the week?

The
[WhenDoesGodStepIntoTheAffairsOfMen.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/WhenDoesGodStepIntoTheAffairsOfMen.html)
is for finding the ratio between three scripture references.

The
[WhenEmptynessIsFarAway.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/WhenEmptynessIsFarAway.html)
is for identifying the main actor, in a book.

The
[WhenGoodThingsHappen.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/WhenGoodThingsHappen.html)
searches for Bible word and thesaurus.

The
[WhenLifeChooseAPathLifeIsMadeOfAPart.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/WhenLifeChooseAPathLifeIsMadeOfAPart.html)
will allow to query the various directions.

The
[WhenItIsSoEverThatIAm.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/WhenItIsSoEverThatIAm.html)
will parse a scripture reference result set and for each Bible Word
display scripture reference first and last occurrences and the count of
occurrences. It is like exact.html but it allows the user to restrict
the scripture reference [and the row containing a
word.](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/GetAPage.html?word=and%20the%20row%20containing%20a%20word.){datetime="2023-09-30T22:52:00"
hiswordid="157234" contactid="9332"}

The
[WhenIsHeLivingAsAFutureOfOurBeing.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/WhenIsHeLivingAsAFutureOfOurBeing.html)
is for tense.

Jesus\' lifetime
[WhenMyAgeIsForever.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/WhenMyAgeIsForever.html)

The
[WhenNothingUpToDateIsFurtherMore.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/WhenNothingUpToDateIsFurtherMore.html)
will use the left and right letters, or beside, to retrieve Bible words.

The
[WhenReadingThisIsMyUsualPassage.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/UsualPassage/WhenReadingThisIsMyUsualPassage.html)
will accept a user\'s scripture reference and commentary; it uses
[Captcha](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CAPTCHA) and contenteditable.

The
[WhenOneSeldomlyDoWhatIsRightOneSeldomlyDoWhatIsMeans.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/WhenOneSeldomlyDoWhatIsRightOneSeldomlyDoWhatIsMeans.html)
will transform a Xml document, with a Xslt document.

The
[WhenRecencyOfTodayIsAllIHaveOfTomorrow.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/WhenRecencyOfTodayIsAllIHaveOfTomorrow.html?word=Kehinde%20Adewumi%20Adeniji&start=4&end=6)
will use the positions entered to determine the substring, and do
AlphabetSequence on this.

The
[WhenThePastorIsPreachingYouDontWithTheScriptureToComeInSubsequent.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/WhenThePastorIsPreachingYouDontWithTheScriptureToComeInSubsequent.html)
will let the user specify a virtual directory, and parse the files,
listing the keyword. [Google.com](http://Google.com)

The
[WhenWeDevelopACertainRepresentation.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/WhenWeDevelopACertainRepresentation.html%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20datetime=){2023-10-11t15:42:00\"=""}
will build a lightweight JSON by using a composite class, inner class.

[WhereAboutOfGodIsWhereAboutIKnow.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/WhereAboutOfGodIsWhereAboutIKnow.html)

[WhereAreI.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WhereAreI/WhereAreI.html)
WhoIs for social networking sites like Facebook, Github, Twitter,
Wordpress \...

The
[WhereDoesTheNextOccurrence.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/WhereDoesTheNextOccurrence.html)
word occurrences in use-cases, actors and interactions.

The
[WhereIChoseIDetermineUse.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/WhereIChoseIDetermineUse.html)
word occurrences for criteria which may include scripture reference,
Bible word and version.

The
[WhereIHaveTrainedWhereIHaveFollowedToQueryAsSum.aspx](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/WhereIHaveTrainedWhereIHaveFollowedToQueryAsSum.aspx)
will add two dates.

The
[WhereIsItNavyGovernment.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/WhereIsItNavyGovernment.html)
will list the various books in the Bible, and their corresponding
chapters; either the book or the chapter could be clicked to get the
text.

Text-To-Speech [Where the word reads
software.](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/WhereTheWordReadsSoftware.html)

The
[WhereYouWillLiveForeverThatIsWhatIHaveChosenForYou.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/WhereYouWillLiveForeverThatIsWhatIHaveChosenForYou.html)
will use https://www.whois.com/whois/givingpledge.org as a example.
Needing man, is a example, of following him. This I have search for a
useful man, as a proven me.

The
[WhichBookMentionsNumberTheMost.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/WhichBookMentionsNumberTheMost.html)
will list the Bible books according to their number occurrences.

The
[WhoIsYourManagerCrazyMisterMartinMisterMartinAsAGood.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/WhoIsYourManagerCrazyMisterMartinMisterMartinAsAGood.html)
will query on book, chapter and verse.

The
[WhoSoughtTheEarlierPeopleTrial.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/WhoSoughtTheEarlierPeopleTrial.html)
will find the AlphabetSequence and scripture reference for each letter
in a word.

The
[WhoWhatWhenWhereWhy.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/WhoWhatWhenWhereWhy.html)

The
[WhyPickOneAndChooseAnother.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/WhyPickOneAndChooseAnother.html)
will list Bible books and scripture reference.

The
[WillTargetTuesdayDecemberThirtyFirst.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/WillTargetTuesdayDecemberThirtyFirst.html)
will find the occurrences of the previous and next year for a given
weekday, day of the month and month.

The
[wintellect.com\_-\_class_biblebooks.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/wintellect.com_-_class_biblebooks.html)
is the first time, JavaScript\'s class keyword is used; introduced in
[Standard ECMA-262 6th Edition / June 2015 ECMAScript® 2015 Language
Specification](http://www.ecma-international.org/ecma-262/6.0)

The
[WordBehindOurPages.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/WordBehindOurPages.html)
will list the words that occur in a url, with their statistics in the
Bible.

The
[WordBrokenIntoLength.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/WordBrokenIntoLength.html)
determine the AlphabetSequence for each set?

The
[WordGroup.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/WordGroup.html)
will reverse engineer the databases, and display the schema of the
selected tables on a canvas.

The
[WordMeaning.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/WordMeaning.html)
are the words and their interpretations.

The
[WordsMan.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/WordsMan.html){datetime="2023-11-28T16:58:00"}
are personal data.

The
[WordSearch](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordSearch)
uses [Christian Heilmann\'s
SongSearch](http://www.christianheilmann.com/2016/08/26/songsearch-using-serviceworker-to-make-a-4-mb-csv-easily-searchable-in-a-browser/)
as an example, and it accesses a CSV file.

The
[WornAsWellAsIMade.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/WornAsWellAsIMade.html)
will accept a scripture reference and a word, and find the closest text.

The
[WordsInParentheses.aspx](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/WordsInParentheses.aspx)
will identify the verse text that contain parenthesis.

The
[YouCantGoogleItOnFriday.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/YouCantGoogleItOnFriday.html)
will accept and parse an URI, and create links for the scripture
references.

[YouDontHaveVersusYouHave_Contraction.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/YouDontHaveVersusYouHave_Contraction.html){datetime="2024-03-03 18:20:54.570"}
will offer statistics for phrases in the HisWord table.

The
[YouDontNeedAHornet.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/YouDontNeedAHornet.html)
will accept a word and determine the vowel percentage for a scripture
reference.

The
[YouHaveIncludedInYou.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/YouHaveIncludedInYou.html)
will retrieve the various actors, and their operations.

The
[YouJustFakeOneTakeOne.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/YouJustFakeOneTakeOne.html)
will calculate the running average for the Bible chapters and verses.

The
[YourGirlSheIsInTrueTips.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/YourGirlSheIsInTrueTips.html?percent=45)
will accept a percentage and present a scripture reference.

The
[YourIDOrWhatDoYouWriteYourCommonID.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordUnion/YourIDOrWhatDoYouWriteYourCommonID.html)
will accept a scripture reference, and selection; and it will
reverse-engineer the AlphabetSequenceIndexScriptureReference.

Input scripture reference and Bible version, output Bible Word
[YouSeeLovement.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordCross/YouSeeLovement.html)

The
[YouStartFormingYourOwnExample.html](http://e-comfort.ephraimtech.com/WordEngineering/WordGroup/YouStartFormingYourOwnExample.html)
queries the URL based on the query selector.

### AlphabetSequence Language Implementation {#LanguageImplementation}

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  [AlphabetSequence.cpp](http://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordEngineering/blob/master/InformationInTransit/cpp/WordEngineering/AlphabetSequence.cpp)
  [AlphabetSequence.go](http://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordEngineering/blob/master/Google/Go/AlphabetSequence/AlphabetSequence.go)
  [AlphabetSequence.java](http://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordEngineering/blob/master/Java/AlphabetSequence.java)
  [AlphabetSequence.js](http://github.com/KenAdeniji/Node.js/blob/master/WordEngineering/AlphabetSequence.js)
  [AlphabetSequence.py](http://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordEngineering/blob/master/Python/AlphabetSequence.py)
  [AlphabetSequence.vb](http://github.com/KenAdeniji/WordEngineering/blob/master/InformationInTransit/VB.Net/AlphabetSequence.vb)
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### R Language {#RLanguage}

#### R Language - Census Statistics {#RLanguageCensusStatistics}

                    
    firstCensus = c(46500, 59300, 45650, 74600, 54400, 57400, 40500, 32200, 35400, 62700, 41500, 53400)
    firstCensusStatistics = c(length(firstCensus), min(firstCensus), max(firstCensus), mean(firstCensus), sum(firstCensus))
    secondCensus = c(43730, 22200, 40500, 76500, 64300, 60500, 52700, 32500, 45600, 64400, 53400, 45400)
    secondCensusStatistics = c(length(secondCensus), min(secondCensus), max(secondCensus), mean(secondCensus), sum(secondCensus))
    combinedCensus = firstCensus + secondCensus #r-tutor.com/r-introduction/vector/vector-arithmetics
    combinedCensusStatistics = c(length(combinedCensus), min(combinedCensus), max(combinedCensus), mean(combinedCensus), sum(combinedCensus))
    sequenceIdentity = seq(from=1, to=12) #sequenceIdentity = 1:12
    firstCensusMinimum = (sort(firstCensus)[1])
    tribes = c("Reuben", "Simeon", "Levi", "Judah", "Dan", "Naphtali", "Gad", "Asher", "Issachar", "Zebulun", "Joseph", "Benjamin")
    josephAges = numeric()
    josephAges[1] = 17
    josephAges[2] = 30
    bibleBooks = read.table("2018-06-19T2200BibleBook.txt", sep=";", header=TRUE)
    summary(firstCensus)
    plot(firstCensus)

#### R Language - AlphabetSequence {#RLanguageAlphabetSequence}

                    
    #https://stackoverflow.com/questions/26721340/iterating-over-characters-of-string-r
    #https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42683182/in-r-switch-uppercase-to-lowercase-and-vice-versa-in-a-string
    #https://stackoverflow.com/questions/32160958/how-to-convert-characters-into-ascii-code
    alphabetSequence = function(word)
    {
        upperWord = toupper(word)
        wordSplit = strsplit(upperWord, "")[[1]]
        alphabetSequenceIndex = 0
        for (alphabet in wordSplit) 
        {
            if (alphabet >= 'A' && alphabet <= 'Z')
            {
                asciiCode = utf8ToInt(alphabet) - 64
                alphabetSequenceIndex = alphabetSequenceIndex + asciiCode
            }   
        }
        return (alphabetSequenceIndex)
    }
    print(alphabetSequence("the"))
    dir() #list directory
                    
                
